Booa Tarde familia linda RT   french nails! love it I Just Wanna Gain Your Trust... As Well As Me Giving You Mine ! Burnnnnnn!! RT  Got an 85 on my pre-calc midterm wattupppp! RT  Me and  are working our socks off Our new mini fridge :-) love the music Tinie, saw you live at wireless fest last year, so so good! RT? :D Where everybody at !? Cause its friday :D hi harry    i known you a few days ago, and i have to tello you that you are very very good...and very nice too ;) hungry..time for takeout! Shout out to our new follower this week, Tara! Thanks! kkRT  Very actually..  RT TanaGold: cool story broRT  I miss  RT  RT (cont) just maken sure 2hrs behind sech but kids are at school, Jayson at a friends, and hub & I are off to #Sundance !! RT   you ain't cute, you sexaaaay ;) x &lt; thanks doll thanks I don't think so... I'll ask Taz what Team Canada did do though. I'm curious. Pfft you're just as bad! Fucking essays! Not a bad thing though  thanks  &lt;3 RT  I likke your tighty whiteys #NF  #FB please :-) Please follow me? Pwease your my role model you and Nothing you OUI T'ES BELLE ! ROUGI ! :D ♥ ( live on I have no simple answer for that question I'm pretty good. howa re you? fOLLW bACK mate your tooo sick. Thank you for keeping us informed! a5th shno 7ag omi mafhmt :p shno ? heya. can i get a follow back? RT  Just 1 more follower?....please RT?!  xx "I Love The Way You Look. . . . . " When ii Close My Eyes.! mam pocit ze som to zacala. Alebo chcela :D #somanyfictionssolittletime #lost I would of but weren't sure if it was you other than the hair lool. I was near the middle - i got on at Chelmsley THE WINNER IS: ONE DIRECTION! :D ok ok. Just some #wishfulthinking I'm trying. Promise  thanks though pretty girl. Appreciate it. No i think you said it :p RT  You said Nolu's burger sucks RT  Tell them how I did it  RT  I really hate  for breaking my heart! - Shouts Out To My Two New Followers !   &' finally! we've seen the light! SOPA is dead!! :D thanks just posted another  x Can't wait to see  tomorrow! #TomorrowIsOnlyADayAway!!!  ♥♥ ~ You are always Welcome... Have a great weekend I woke up this morning and told myself I wanted to go to breakfast, now me and my aunt are going to Roscoe's haha ooo. Bummer  come home now I don't wannnnnna go try a tux on today. I trust their judgement :p Happy Friday! Hope business is booming for you. : ) The cartoon character!!! He's the 'owner' or something of Pikachu! of course it is!! Who has the best sister in the world?! I do I do I doooooo ooooooh right? She's fun to watch  can't wait for the Vow. I think I'm gonna go to the movies and watch it by myself on vday hahaha RT  “ i love you Jay   Love You More Always!!!! RT  Furniture lovers we have a tougher mission ahead of us, hope you did your yoga. PRAYER.... Simply because..... I just want to be around Him! : ) I lovveee you! Subsitute teachers!  &gt; isubsitute bus driver -_- #FF  because he's my f-f-f-fwiend RT  #FF my boy  + Go see n #Support his new movie~ Lucas film #RedTails out today!!  **** i got a supper excellent good morning txt RT  #FF my new homie  pretty motherfucker. Lol #np back to me Salut ily too!  well that's just me... ;P Well deserved +K! RT   thanks  &gt;&gt; I gave  a Happy Birthday!! +K about Fitness on   http:... yeah ill see what i can do bby :D ill probs find a way hehe Tonight mel think I'm brevity and condensation Making some orzo salad :-) سلاسل الثورة Such a Brilliant idea, all my Respect Everytime XM  plays "Better Than I Know Myself" by  my heart skips a beat...feels like the first time everytime :D I'm selling See's Candy for Valentine's Day! It's for choir and it's delicious. Hit me up woohoo!! Wil see it on Mon! :-) hey bitch.. Dinner still on for Sunday? Ohw een cabrio? of een Fiat Thanks guh RT    I like those ones thanks xx Sibling Time :D RT  At laaaaaaaaaaaaast, my love has come along. My lonely days are over. and life is like a song Broke Bitches Favorite line is.. "I Deserve Better"... Noooo, you deserve a N*gga just as Broke as you Bitch! RT  Wanna Know How To Be Followed By me!?!? Just Tweet Me for A Follow Back have you ever seen MCR live and does Perrie like them? :-) Zombie chair has been vanquished, thankfully. :-) Would love to chat but I'm off to collect Hubby. Glad to see you're back! :-) RT  I love it when...(fill in the blank): / we all unite and stand for liberty and justice. RT  RT for a shout out  x unless my mom come gets me on sunday! I'll let u kno ok  love u RT  #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin ...30 Penguins to Mars :D Having cuddles with ellzy Lunch time thanks too  ah suck! but i know u can do this stuff  trying to get loads of friends  xx you have a good time as well.have fun :-) :-) Well you do greet everyone a good morning. When its not there, its noticeable. Thanks  #FF just created my budget and I'm liking what I see!  :D Ill make #oomf drive in ten feet of snow  , because Ive been so excited to go see this movie tonight ! congrats Charlie delighted for ya enjoy your night well done  xxx RT  Follow me, and I will follow back in 2 minutes or less  RT if you are #teamfollowback and want #100aday n #200aday e #500aday z RT  1000 FOLLOWERS YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING! :D heck yeah  I hope it's phat haha follow back ? well if you had of left pauls house earlier you wouldnt of missed it :Pnext week bro! Planning to visit us ? :P Hehe ! :D Yeah !  Ofc u did your like the greatest dancer ever Everyone RT and shoutout please... Get us to 500 tonight! Show the boys that guys like then aswell! :D #1DFAMILY Thanks to all our AZN Eats nomnivores for joining us at Union Station today.  Have a great weekend and stay warm & safe.  C U next time please could you help sign? please do 
*LC* RT  You win!! RT CheezeNakzz: SenzyM love givin em! Lol i'd love to deliver for dominoes, i'd just eat all the pizza's and fuck off :D am much better today thank you sweetie  having such a nice day  thank god its friday too  am planning on getting RT  Montage video is here  Once this link -  has 100,000 clicks il put up the official video Yessss!!! Gettem girl!!! :D “ My honey yesi says I need liquid courage tonight! :-D” Text me sometime! I'll send you a fb message with my phone number and can we please see a picture of this beautiful huuur cut you got  &lt;3  RT  Shoutouts it is RT for one. 
Directioners or Little Mixers Only Muahhh, nite Tis! " Good  “ I'm homee, safe and sound sist  :*, nite2..”" My daddy loves me! HAHA somebody likes this movie tayb el mohem all of you guys are ok RT  You did so good today 👯 congratulation on your cute little baby :D Thanks for RT I don't. I've arrived now but we'll do it on tuesday  sorry! X Yes, of course. :D And the next would be Nicholas Hoult and Jack O'Connell, aye? hey yes I had an awesome God-fearing mother and other family members who helped nurture and guide me..I'm so grateful Apologies to  and the Norwegian contingent for earlier tweet. Not all diplomats are careless drivers :-) no to well either.. i was a bit hyper wasn't a good mix. shure we'll be foine :-) you never win :P i'm just scared you'll go mental and chuck a pen drive at me ;D least we got it trending for a while :D Including Yeew :D Ha, i can finally azonto :D RT   well  is opening but, there is another surprise too just have to wait and see. :D " Yay! I collect it in school :* RT  Yeah sure ;) " Shey u will buy for me :D RT  ... " I love Pannea. With my heart and more!!!! #Random and #Corny. But oh well. RT   following back RT  thank you  love ya too . RT   Happy Birthday My Baby LOVE YOU SSSSO MUCH! Happy birthday to me! :D Niceeee ...finally my iPad 2 is jailbroken ooh gracia viejo :D lmfao you were scared right when he got into my house hahaha ! idt you would skype him #scaryass :p Earthfare with mommy and brother isn't that the point of drinking tequila? Just playing. I'm just speaking on behalf of my Mexican roots voy a bailar #watchme yeaa :D i'm to lazy to cook it's 8pm didn't had dinner so just going to make myself pizza hehe bro she is also my best friend :D Spelled Wally wrong there. Why must the gods be so cruel, lavishing me with locusts and scorn on this day? Think my test went well though RT  Pretty as a pitchaa sweeter then a swishaaa . Madd cause im cuter then the girl thats witchaaa made me a twitter yayyy catches attention that's for sure! :P   no way! Chandi is mineeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee &lt;3 :P could you follow me back please? RT  Bitches i don't even know keeping tabs on my twitter and facebook lmaoo i feeling some type of way RT   هاو وانت للحين ظهرك اشفييك؟ لبى خشتك :p It's okay  xx I'm I kno I'm cute!! heii milly eeeeeeeeeet hey Sophie fancy seeing you on here RT   Boy, get your white ass on twitter & look at the TT! Believe Tour To Middle East But I'm blessed Done with class for the day Photo: he really had so much love for her , that’s something you cant buy follow back? :-) :D at last ..........Your soul has gone on home, Your suffering is over  RIP Etta James aww goodnight ttyl RT     dont delete 'em!let him see those tweets. :P
what would he do then?
smile wide at those tweets thanks I'm a big fan *_____* I'm French  How are you ? RT  I Love Flo From The Progressive Commercials RT   I love you my beautiful Queen Currently sitting in my room while laughing and singing to myself. I love times like these: where I'm extremely happy for no reason RT  Lunch date with my boo  at fresh foods (Cont)  much of a difference in the world as u do! You inspire me! :-) # Love Ya!! :-) Duuuuuude! Guess what! :P I'm so proud of you...can't wait till you make it big : ) RT  Wow, we're almost at 100,000 on twitter. Please spread the word and send us over the edge! ready to see my baby does this make you chuckle? :p I hope it does! Is it #GRAND ?! thanks : ) tasmina. samiul thinks he a part of our relationship :P LOL eloisa think I'm supercilious and obstinate it's true. She might be the kind from Hauula that goes to Kam :P filmcrack asked: Diggin your hair too mitch this is very good! And yep I hope he does have one  &lt;3 thank you hehe I love all types of music!  except Metal Rock lol thankyouuu! :-) welcome!! you could always hang out with me. P. Sherman, 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney :D Thankgod I have someone to look at during class!  #boyisfine iThink Im Going To Knockout As Soon As iGet To Sydney's House :D ha knew it :P it's almost always berlin RT   happy birthdayyy :D hope its a good oneit was me , wasn`t it ?  lol Finished finals :D 
Can't wait for the new semester, but I'm gonna cry if I lose my free first and second &lt;/3 Believe Tour To Middle East :D RT  RT  My antique #friskyfriday :D   - Just had a co-worker butt dial me 4 times.  (called me by accident if you're not familiar with that term.) FREE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ Good Morning Rainy day in city. A good day to sleep in.  Hey lil girls. Powerpuff crew. Y'all rolling with the cuteness, above the neck. haha yeah plus I still have awhile until u get out of school to go to the game :p this time tommorrow i would have met chris cusiter Hehe sober you :D  Cos you got a bit drunk yesterday jst made my salad bout to chow dwn...i love fresh everything :-) how much haha :P let's develop and maintain our sexy bodies year round! We can share health tips. LET'S DO IT! Follow meeeeee! i already like that fb page :D xx Big Time Penguin HAHAHA     :D I need your phone number, so I can keep in touch with you after I go back to school :D and.. A picture of Ruby would be nice too n_n Got it! Will send in the next couple of days  The thing's been hanging around my apartment for a year now...yay, new home! christie toscano think I'm unusual and unexpected love you too RT  I love it when u care  ! Hi YOU How Are You? Please FOLLOW My BFF She Is AMAZING:  Follow Her She Is LOVELY & SMART FOLLOW HER In the thearte :-) NOISE!!!!!" U wish I wasn't, I'm dat awesome..so I can understand :D.RT  Dnt flatter urself :P " There .. Rosie's gang are all talking about the limo for prom, and about costs, me and Maz are ok with going with them if you are? Classy names like that are always perfect. You could just start a blog that mocks them ruthlessly awwhh i love moments gonna go out in Amsterdam with my backstreet girls  the weather is alright here. How's Germany? haha sounds good. What are you training for? Have you been out on your bike much through winter? I'm guessing you have home and sleep remember when you kept nagging me to get a job now look at me im so effing awesome :D You deleted that tweet but I saw what it said  hahaha “ #TheVoice #KamCooks Dropping 1st week of Feb!”

It's a must cop type of deal, cuz tha fam Kam cooks got mad flow! Get it! :D Dinner with friends well aren't you sweet! thank you! Age:10, in school..I jumped from the 1st floor instead of taking the stairs..I did it 8 times and broke my leg the 8th time  #RandoMemory follow ur followers too!!! :-)  we love you!!!! awesome thanks can't wait for this Having eye brows waxed on wednesday :D being so girlieeeee recently! alrighty! Will do! #random: I like putting peppermint in my tea  the fat soft kind that melts! #yum sure.. Don't like what I tweet #UNFOLLOW me :D I get to see my mommy today!! :D Almost near me…  I am at Apple Valley Green 6, and I am going to 1 Loop to launch with friends. Gotcha. 9/20 was a good day :-) Disneyland, I'll see you soon. :D RT  Happy Birthday to  Best wishes! :D Hello there ! Happy Birthday Casey!!! Party Eugene's style tonight!!  :-) xoxoxo Living Life; Loving You; Laughing Lots &lt;3 Take A Chance, Make A Change; Be Who You Want To Be, Not Who Others Expect You To Be...  &lt;3 For those who I haven't followed yet, kindly tweet me so I can follow u. Thanks for following. Much love  xxx Mmm sonic I love playing Just Dance 3. I'm working out and having too much fun at the same time "  why thank yu ." ur welcome :D The Internet is so dried out now. I'm only coming to scriptures and play Cafe World. #BYE!    had to blast that (au revoire) RT   Had a peek at the jewellery..so cute and fabulously unique!Thanks for the follow 100% on my American History test hey u :D follow two Russians monsters :D
#FF “  *Face Palm* Its okay. So did 3 other people. (:” haha, i was feeling salty for a second! yee! my mom got me & my best friend out of school early Just the tour. I go every year.  Have you been watching it? تصبحووون على خير let's develop and maintain our sexy bodies year round! We can share health tips. LET'S DO IT! Follow meeeeee! Haha! I'm looking forward to tonight too. Watched an hour of BF3 YouTube vids earlier to get into the mood. :D haha oh wow hey I guess that means we have to throw a party or something you're a great soldier I had last off today and off all next week  #senio12s My eyes may be fulll of tearss but I swear my hearts filled with joy Thanks for the #ff     :-) come down to Lexington pleeeaaasee??? hey Kimmie blanco Fly Gurl Missionary about ur Beliebers, ur life, our #BelieberFamily ♥U know that whatever u do we'll support u :')♥ Cant wait for #Believe :D 171 Awww! Thank you  RT  Just met the stunning  from Project Runway-- Love her!! #altsummit thanks I know he will, my patience just went from a 5 to a 0 real quick. Just fed up and it needed to let out Kirko Bangs Da Shit... I Cnt Wait Till My Babe Gets Home So We Can Smoke Us A Blunt Left over chinese food for lunch #yummy I will! There are loads in the iPad edition & hardly any in the paper- just annoying me yest. Telegraph worst tho. ur welcome OMG your new PP !!!!! Feeling the Love tonight :-) RT   hahaha failera ! Haha tu rash rash and I rish , you fail I fail , homeless for life :p Dads feet  x lalala; my review went well :D hehe :D chegou aqui já :D vou guarda-ló oh. That might explain it  She must be really cool for sending the cards for us! Ta Jimmy! aw, thanks.  you're super pretty too girl! #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK lol trruuuueeee. *gives kool-aid smile* :D you guys! todays a good day! *happy dance* i love answered prayers Vegetarian buffalo chicken = heaven #addicted #newobsession been doing hair alot more lately  #teamfollowback RT    I don't know how I relate to a disco ball, but I do know that I shineeee like oneeeee :D now look it will go up lol :P yes that's true  so what did you do today? ;) gonna DL it after my tea, night out in feb please :-) x x RT   lol....sorry ijdgaf lmao!! || take yo name off the list hoe!!  #meanassNiiiiice dinner! Can't go wrong with ordering ribs I love sausage fests :D S/O to my baby  good luck tonight well u wouldnt have 2 b in here if u did ur HW! & im gettin a british accent! :D #ff           :D Tell her I said heeeeey (: RT" “ S/O to my bitch , yo momma.!” she says hi :D lol" RT  #ff every single person that follows me because each and every one is awesome and make twitter a great place for me S/O to  my loyal follower!! ahaa, so hows your kitchen going? I hate footie and so does Jason lol - aww sending you hugs. Yeah been a really good day and to-do list complete  x - Push on Channel O. My day is now complete must kinda feel like xfactor again, asking for votes haha! anyway i voted, good luck!  x with Danny :-) be back lateeeeeeeh!  x RT  Holy what the f*ck? I just got tweeted by  ! Thanks Stephen.  I'm not bad, but I'm no The Bishop And The Warlord. well hey handsome old friend!!! Soo.. I def copied u and had to get dunken doughnuts this AM.. Best idea of the day!....so far dutch crazy carnaval song i am fine :D where ya goin? what are the serving sizes for the juice recipes on the Reboot site? Damn it wish I could've seen that match. Maybe then we could've met each other. I love it when I accomplish something that seemed so over bearing in the beginning :D she plans on doing Hun u will see  after her USA trip very busy bee is  mwah xx tisk tisk Matt, run a VMWare machine with linunx I'm happy when my girls are happy  so guess what I'M HAPPY aaaaaaaahhhh your a life saver...  yeah send me the pick if that's no trouble for yah...... xxx tammera sheingold think I'm 193. Fine-tuned #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin scouting for penguins :-) RT  #ThingsICantStand people who don't understand jokes ... only joking  that's me I love how my grandma walks in my room well I'm watching #JerseyShore looks at the t.v. & goes " I like her" bahaha :D i had a bad day that time haha and i would of humiliated you more if we didn't start a match with them lads I'm at My House  (Hamburg, New Jersey) Pei Wei with my aunt  again  #sodelicious RT  Pocket FULL of dead Presidents RT  #RANDOM #nowfollowing #follow #shoutout to RT  I hate texting ppl without iPhones lmao I be having to use them lame ass smileys.  :( :/ ;) DUH! the square root of sixteen is 6 :D The Bird-whisperer!  I am so happy right now. Twitt Bonsoir!  ça va ? tomas scothorn think I'm exorcised "  thnx.! " not a problem. Headed to the field house for the indoor track meet cassie heydenreich think I'm 378. Responded thanks to my new followers welcome to my crazy world sane! :D I'm onlywatch #tvoh tonight for you I will stay wif u tru d ups n downs...i will stay wif u wen no1 else is around (•͡.̮ ~͡) #justsinging :P Watchin the Indian in the cupboard with Britt waitin on gabe to bring me something to eat : ) slept after the first 15 minutes in the theater lol dying to know if Dara enjoyed it? he'll never tell me :p  #chickestflickever Hahahaha! It's not my favorite, but I really dig it. Yay!  They arent shutting down Twitter Goodbye ugly grey roots, hello dyed hair.. & stained head. Ah well at last it's done RT  im just going to stay single  .. can't wait till 6 to see my best friends RT  Ok guys lets have some fun! #RT this tweet, then follow me. I will follow everyone back. See what happens! :-) RT  Dingin ² empuk :D RT  Awwwwh my whittle babe sweeping with her baby mouse #cutie love it and love you! :D Good Afternoon who'd that gorgeous girl in that profile picture? might just spontaneously combust :'D  imagine the craic though, then we'd all just be like 'derp.' gonna be a right laugh  xx the awkward moment when my parents call me by my middle name all the time, so i assume im in trouble. :P Why u busy tryna fit in ima stand out hahahha awh same, i did mine on hollister, superdry and jack wills and how shit it is :-) Been lost those lmfao RT  Goodbye Morals  RT  Hello NYC ;) Just watched #JEdgar at cinema! Best actor  ! ewww she is a Kim wannabe i'd happily have Kim all to myself she's too sexii and Georgia LOL take that wannabe :D It's going down tonight with   at my place thanks, glad you understand duhh for kids, find outt how much asswipe :-) thank you There's a cutscene where old Sonic looks at his round tummy compared to modern Sonic... made me smile watched only 2 episodes; Bukas na yung remaining 3 coz I'm soooo sleepy. :s Good night! well, we are not twin sisters :D I know :D ♡ Tha Girl Gettin Her Tongue Pierced Today 23rd  RT  You started school yet? do you tweet and follow fans? If you do I'd be so happy if you tweeted/followed me :D RT if you didn't go to school Hang on and enjoy!  She does some awesome covers! since ur not answering ur fone, can u please get the 4 tickets for sunday. They are all 15 & I will pay u when I get der true. Did you hear him saying Arab idle instead of correct pronunciation as #ArabIdol I need likes sweetie  just 5 to reach my 1st 100! I like to like pages too  will you pop over to mine payton she is beautiful  xoxo please follow back RT  That's great! Keep up the good work!  RT  I am enjoying my  lean shakes losr a stone  The last recorded mile time I had was in college (pathetic) and before that was in middle school (more impressive). Yesterday I beat both Leonard and Penny, are like this decades Ross and Rachel! :D still can!! :-) I sneezed! After Christmas catch up meal with the girls at  Norwich  #omnomnom thanks for the #ff  xx Hey  .. Two words... Temple... Run.  :D That's Real Cute Tho Jam 8 oshiiinn.. glynis schoenle think I'm megalomaniacal Just got back from Target! Got a awesome clearance update about to come your way!Whoop, your accent is cute :P  ( live on with some Dahl i'll be okay  Okay, my cupcake with a cherry ontop -_- #bye Good Afternoon  HAPPY FRIDAY :D which equals the weekend jeje have fun buttt keep it safe pplz ♥ :D easy A fun weekend ? ! i tried it ! can you follow me please ....  ? xx I don't care. And you won't beat me up. Ha. You'll fall inlike when you go to punch me in the eye. RT  Oh a today MY HAIR IS ALMOST IN A MIDDLE PART. :P Will do  xxxxx now following. I'm a very competitive person , and I hear there was another girl at school who can rap  ok !  Battle time . Lmfao!,...  dis big friday show is helping me with ma prank ish :D Aii, fake stil RT  Its bayelsa RT  Fake bayesa boi :p oh btw i like ya twitcon because we like to watch you fucking sad cunts get trounced. haha...we can't fix that :D Haaaaaaaa fuck it , :p . truman think I'm prostituted :D yeahh.. I just got home.. I like how it feels All my recipes are #glutenfree & #Dairyfree & I don't really use sunflower oil, so send her my way! hey iFollowBack :D #IFollowAll #IFollowAll #teamfollowback #AutoFollowBack #AutoFollow #InstantFollowBack #InstantFollow #follow4follow 38 Good thank's you? oh! Mine has this as background now thank you so much  x MAÑANAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! :D Thank you! :D RT  rt if you can tell who is who RT  "If by cracked you mean is not as good, we're working on it :-) ^DD" I knew u guys wouldn't let me down I really hope you do well on ur exam..best of luck!! hey  sorry can we talk later ? I am gonna play a bit mario card xD :-) LOVE YOU  xx please tweet me  x finally handed it in aaaaah Please please dont do that!!!!!!!  ( ok no problem Full.!!! But thiis food is good.! RT  I don't think I will witness the day Avicii Levels stops getting played! :P RT  #yahurd!RT  #FF &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Leopard!  RT  Look what I found  . . . Pink leopard! #WelcomeToArgentinaMR :D Can you follow  and tell him I sent you please? And put #JacobJewels and #TeamSway at the end? Thanks thank you kindly! I already know this semester is going to be challenging but I'm motivated and surrounded by hard working friends What about people who do that on FB is that okay? :D Your ass better be in school .. :D lool I'm not surprised! I'll be the next big thing :D "youcandancecandance" ? The bestest I had that today  con salami y queso frito #ManGood RT  Mangu for breakfast &gt; if people see you tagged in someones tweet and they aint following you yet  I'm real bad at explainin shizzle Thank you guys for all your supporting  i love you Christineers  from all my heart thanks RIP Etta James... Will have your song at my wedding some day If someone would be nice enough to view my blog and stuffz like sign up and comment and stuffz that would be brill! Hi Makylea! So great to see you happy & #Buzzin Missy! This #2012 lark ain't been too shabby for me so far either! Much love :D Xx follow back cupid stunt :D Okay cool :-) yo i've been productive as shit today, getting all the cleaning out the way for the weekend :D Thanks grandpa. Shopping and shit today. I'm hungry, let's go Nandossss  xxxxxxxxx Thnq you Love  .. I meant my own copy , I cnt find it at home FcUk eat'n TACO'z! Where my PuSsy  :P :D I have no idea! Hi there  Dean's girl for sure! the guy practically owns my soul! ;) (I'm obsessed shhh it's a secret!) okay thanks xx but me and my mate r still gonna fangirl over it tho  xx bout to smash this chicken and rice with a side of crumb cake!! Thanky  aka grandma Twitter Interest Me Moree Then Facebook :P i like your new name... Just saying Thanks for the #FF love...we're getting a late start today and you beat us!  Right back at ya! No school all week  don't mind going to UFV lol good your back to ur original category in my book under
"he's pretty chill" #lowkey RT  I hope you're all having a great day! I'm pretty excited for tonight! Charity concert for #UNICEF! Who needs Astronomy when you got Subway? it's okay . Ill be back ARE ONE DIRECTION GOING TO BE ON FRIDAY DOWNLOAD? :D ♥♥♥. no wonder I'm thick Cus I hate school today! :D Hope my daddy dont fake i'll try with you we might get a follow back each? :D you know deep down I love you very much! Just don't make me say it haha &lt;3 My Dulce is At Reagan Now :D it's okay, take your time. If you think someones cute, tell them. HOLY CRAP!!!   Thanks to everyone who voted -I'm a happy gator!!!!!!!!' #FF   a very nice guy who supports MUFC! cool I dont care they aren't that bad  people exaggerate so much about them Alright but im not watching it Starving; and all i have is a friggin pancake :P their album was initially scheduled to be released in March, now it got bumped up to February Yellawolf...I think so nahhh I won't be  ohhh I need to work outttt. Need motivation hah xx Last day in des class :-) Your so pretty alright that's watsup Man twitter yall aint ready for me. Im too hype for yall thank you My daughters name was gon be Mar'Ciyah Denise Ross.. her && her daddy would've had the same initials. #MDR Thank you for the followHahah my 5th period teacher calls me Josh :p hahah RT  Happy birthday to my baby sis dulce cause she's 2 years old you should :D it was great meeting you guys. “ Had a GREAT turnout for my Google class today!  Awesome!” &lt;&lt; I've no doubt. You rock the Googles. :-) RT  No goodnight no morning ??? Proved my point exactly thank you, kind people, 4 RTing my terribly typo-ed poem :-) Good luck  You'll do great!xxx Ahhh okay! Just bought two tickets!  xx Fuck with me tho :D after school it's going down nigga. thank you try much… but not meant to be public……..  A few changes coming so stand by! "a mindless lot of meat-headed baboons". You're one of them, asshole direct message haah, like inbox  &lt;3 Lifes so much better without having someone holding you back.. :D that's t beauty of having an smart phone and a child taking a nap Well you make me smile cem cem Finally got a start date out dem mofo's. Nw I can bullshyt in my life til da 26th just  got dne taking a test feeling good abt it Come spend your Friday night with me at   ! pareeei com meu momento Adele.. You are just UNBELIABLELY GREAT, made my day :D Yes we do ... and GLAD we do.  TGIF & all that. Hope #OOMF brings their make up stuff with them to the game “ FF At L&L with    and RT  Omgg I love salt & vinegar chips they are my favorite :D RT   your beauty goes beyond words.. serieously.. :-) It's in the trends dark choc and orange cookies made with skimmed milk, eggs, soya & brown rice flour mix :-) Stuffed courgettes and roquette salad and Saint-Estèphe 2004 to gulp it up! Mega yummy! :-) I'm fine and ready to enjoy the week end! Have fun too the fruit guy is back! :D &lt;3 Guys I passes my proficiencies with an 8!! :D omg. I freaking danced my way out of the councilors :D #allmyproficienciesonthefirsttry! C: aww that's so nice of you to say about me nice new profile pic! Hope all is well on the other side of the pond  #ff I like black and gray together. RT  Just the thought of you can make me smile Congrats on your big news, lady! daron think I'm serious and studious Who wants to help me write a college level essay with references I am free? :D I hope Southeast have green sour straws! So my bby kan gettem for me Fuck that dinosaur deshawn vliet think I'm grieved "Im Not Crazy! 
My Mum Had Me Tested" have a great time girl. Will be me in a weeks time :-) hahahahaaa ohhh okay then twitter newbie :D .  also what date are you back again? If an alien came to Earth, where would you take them?  #MrCelebUKandTW drinking brandy and coke hehe :p xx that's like £600 we'll have to save! :o but yeee I think it was taken yesterday at the Glee set #FF  because she's awesome, and has great taste in music RT  tell to  follow me by DM  help me  pleaseee :') was it trending? :D Eggs with tortillas and weenies. Mexican breakfast lol yes! so much to talk about!!  cafe rio soon!! Lol :DDD RT  Excited! :D Britney Made Us Stronger ♥ :D thats cuz ur awesome ;D you deserve more followers hun #shoutout to my new followers :D He'll be reading it anyway and then thinking to himself, why does she know me so well :P. Yeahhhh, I know he's coming مخرجنا غصب صاحي very true.. Or we'll be back state side  either way.. Its a def tweet up  haha I know right we will let amby and sheen have fun with that! A vist Evey now and then will do for me Eating some food at home before my mom takes me to the dentist. 
Of course ill brush my teeth when I'm done eating Yes I did thank you  RT   I believe you meant "should have", as "should of" is grammatically incorrect. thanks rhyss :D RT   follow back? you have an iPad yes ? :D maurine everest think I'm imposed and enforced Still time to win blue jackets tickets! thanks  if you're from Kuwait then you're technically from Saudi Arabia :p yum  hey was pat home?  His phones off,so im jw I'm glad you see it my way :D Pull me in close and dont let me go ! :-) lol thanks. But don't superficial follow me bro, I'm serious haha glad you had fun  and i'm good,nothing special happened ^^ :P The awkward moment when a Man City fan
realises Etihad means United...!!! :D SHIT GIRLS SAY VIDEO ON MY FB CHECK IT OUT :P finished. now i can sleep. kabisado na lang later then gora na!  good mornyt people! )) RT  Awww how I love having gma around there's always a homecooked meal waiting for me and while you're there.. A trip to IRELAND? :D #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin The Black Penguin Peas. &lt;---------- Talking To Her Best Friend On The Fone Eating lunch with the cripple But "I" get the most squishy nunu loves cos I have to pose her :D #GoingToAbuseMyTogPrivileges yeeeeh they were giving them out, but I didn't bother to collect it aha :P and LOL *sigh* WOW! how beautiful is Taylor Swift :D how many RT's can i get?♥¹³ In LA! finally caught up on sleep! can't wait to go to  's concert tonight! my First concert this year! :D Is this normal? I mean it is my laptop!! :D I've posted it on my fb wall  What are you up to in Hackney? Hope you're having a good evening! Next give away at 1000 followers!!!!! Big give away! ilove everything the way it is, everything happens for a reason! Everyone follow  +  4 amazing tweets!!!!!!!!!! NOW :D thank youuu! Follow me please, i've tried for so long and i'll keep trying #NSN  #CantWaitToListenBelieve 4 don't you dare! That's my favorite kind, that being the reason for ordering two boxes :(  oh well, there'll be more PolandLovesJuz10 PISAĆ TO !! heloł   tu :DI fancy a girls night in soon! *gasp!* will do something about it later.:( also, I believe you are cousins with a Myra tanada medina? I GOT A GIRLFRIEND NOW. EAT MY SHIT BITCHES..LOL :-) Mr T and I love watching Disney movies together. Tangled is definitely our favorite is probably the most social young lady on twitter :P I just hope the sun comes out tmr and all of my fam/friends will make it 2coco's celebration :-) Fuckkkk i changed it like 3 times but ok i better b in yours tho :D RT  Mall With  : ) Ja Rules album 'Pain is love 2' out in 4 days. :D #Excited timmy think I'm over-ruled okayyy.. and  NVM!!  love you boo Brought some of this in today I see you got the answer :-) EVERYONE FOLLOW  If you don't you'll be missing out! #TWFanmily please okey, good night and have a nice sleep koko jowo My First Publish.... Comment, Share and Enjoy!! :D
Dont mind the second song my computer froze :/ Alright ...eyes on u tho RT   just weighing some pro's and con's Pay us a visit next time you're in town - we'd love to have you! Have a wonderful time in Sydney Hadd a good dayyy  withh all my friends ! *wink*  RT  Sho Honcho haha don't know if I would try it.  Maybe the strawberry Good luck man, I know Raw Talent's gonna impress everyone! Thank you to Hanna for the Hot Fries :D thankyou, and I'll add you now thanks :D thanks for following :D i'll teach you some more spanish another day hehe! xx follow back. Ah okay.. still good stuff.. I think country music around rodeo time sounds better for some reason Yayyyyy  RT   with free Cîroc Peach shots for the Exclusif lol RT  #FF       ! Had a great day at my internship! Those little ones are something else!!! Lol the things that they say!!! I love it!!! is there any chance I could get a chance to meet you and the legendary Ian Rush???? :-) #FF my homie  he would hang out with me if he was in LA!  follow him price of admission is good feedback on what it will take from us for you to use the site regularly :-) “ “ Lenox Mall flow” cop me something! Lol”&gt; i got u well drive to me This was the first time I met you... Do you remember? lmao when you tweeted this, you put my username thing there too instead of sarah's :p  only yu, eh?! :P Study Islamic Hey how's you? Will come to your djing gigs soon!  polli agapi.. my greek is great isn't it ;) haven't seen you in ages! x Love you so much please RT  4 17:17 Yay! Congrats! yours was gorg omg okay lets make plans  lol ohhh  I'm only after passing the o2 .. Won't be home for ages haha its true, but thanks happy birthday Gary!  RT?xx not someday Virgo I dedicate this song to etta james   hope ure all gonna love it..RT  Rest in peace to one of the world's When my aunt leaves :D &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Loads of new wallpapers on the nufc app You're welcome hun haha the MRI isn't gonna do anything. So you should pray I don't need surgery or something I wanna go back to sleep forever but instead I'm gunna go to forever and shop ALLY AND AJ ARE ON. omg I love them RT   lol thanks Nyla Out of my mind........wud b back in 5 minutes looooool :P omg lucky!!! :D I was gonna maybe watch her if I'd gone to NYC, but it turned out we went to London instead :P haha I love being taken care of #thanksmommy The girl with the dragon tatto. RT  Hoy puede que vaya al cine :D ¿Alguna pelicula buena? yes of course I'll visit you!  we should be leaving tomorrow morning. hahah yeah yeah  maybe if you texted me to hangout it would be a different storyyy good luck for the opening and the future  you will be fab biff, hope your doing a good frazzled look : ) at the mo xx #FF Yess its Friday!! My weekend starts in 3 minutes Bad decision- not getting a sub after work. Good decision- waiting till after Mom went grocery shopping to eat lunch :-) Off out for drinks with the Hawkin's Bazaar lot RT  Thank you for all the ideas on how to celebrate my 400.000 followers! #Rafaidea. So many nice ideas so I decided to do 2 of them Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl Hahah my 5th period teacher calls me Josh :p hahah RT  Happy birthday to my baby sis dulce cause she's 2 years old you should :D it was great meeting you guys. “ Had a GREAT turnout for my Google class today!  Awesome!” &lt;&lt; I've no doubt. You rock the Googles. :-) RT  No goodnight no morning ??? Proved my point exactly thank you, kind people, 4 RTing my terribly typo-ed poem :-) Good luck  You'll do great!xxx Ahhh okay! Just bought two tickets!  xx Fuck with me tho :D after school it's going down nigga. thank you try much… but not meant to be public……..  A few changes coming so stand by! "a mindless lot of meat-headed baboons". You're one of them, asshole direct message haah, like inbox  &lt;3 Lifes so much better without having someone holding you back.. :D that's t beauty of having an smart phone and a child taking a nap Well you make me smile cem cem Finally got a start date out dem mofo's. Nw I can bullshyt in my life til da 26th just  got dne taking a test feeling good abt it Come spend your Friday night with me at   ! pareeei com meu momento Adele.. You are just UNBELIABLELY GREAT, made my day :D Yes we do ... and GLAD we do.  TGIF & all that. Hope #OOMF brings their make up stuff with them to the game “ FF At L&L with    and RT  Omgg I love salt & vinegar chips they are my favorite :D RT   your beauty goes beyond words.. serieously.. :-) It's in the trendse eele me perguntoooo !  to entraaaando Everyone follow  louis, harry, zayn and liam do, so you should too. Hmmm.. Hun teh gall karni paini :P “ Yaar why i really miss you when u r not arnd, but hv nothing to say when you are :/” what is a "fat Friday"??? Sounds fun #ff  Big thanks for your kind. Hope you have a great weekend much love love you more! oh okay i swear that you RT, and you follow everyone but me. :(  notice.me.please?  follow.me.please? retweet.me.please? &lt;3 ure the best miranda  your just u and not all hollywood .u give us good example _that makes u a perfect rollemodel RT  1D will start work on the next album in March not bad atall :P irina think I'm depended upon sure I do it now i hate the bus...thanks mom&dad. screw you. i'm gonna make this weekend hell for you. since you have to drive me everywhere. #havefun :D I'm finally home! :D The meat Mandi is much better - meat is tender, and melts in your mouth لوووول مشكوووره My grandma bought me a new Kathy purse :D gee! I thought you were more the iT-cse domain guy. I am biotech!  surprising indeed. #ff  'causes he's a rapper DAWG ! 
Making his way to the top  !
Lol Ready!!  Tw: Mode On* west   hii  for more ideas about how to develop abs. Busy day,so chillin' now. Keep well all Haha! We meant the boys themselves! But we love ALL of there fans that follow us! lol no problem yeah defo mate. will be in there before the rochdale game on the 4th  #RoD :p your my baby, follow please!? So glad to have my truck back #FordRaptor Awesome  RT“ Penguins running. That is all. Photo: you will!  chill beckzzzz lol sorry xD kinda hyper dunno y RT  Mum: "hahaha I'm gonna spend all your money"  me: "I'm gonna sell your car you silly woman!" -________- Wel !!!! De finale van THE VOIS OF HOLLAND !!!!  dat is toch leuwk :D RT  1D will start work on the next album in March west   hii  for more ideas about how to develop abs. I love cleaning  
#truefactaboutme Got my paper so I can start making my posters for  and Alex Shelley for wembley plus I&#39;ll show them when I meet them :D xxx RT  Home alone on the phone with my love world  iLoveHer Heyy cody you sing soo good reallyy congratulations , can you please follow me :D ?? i know that you can DO IT alright, I don't watch them. I watch one tree hill, cuz of the same reason haha End of time! Love that song enuh.. Big sean sucks at rappin' , but he sooooo cute ! I know that :p exercise free today, long day tomorrow so bath to chill out  I'm good x 8888 Oh i love your icon. Looks soo cute  Your Bio is great. 
) RT  The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning and does not stop until you see the exam paper :D I've been trying for years! Please follow me! #muchlove  22 " im gonna follow at least 100 fans each day all this week. (i do this anyway though) #ILOVEMYFANS #ILOVEMYBELIEBERS" me? WE NEED  IN COSTA RICA 2012-2013 but im going to a rager tomorrow soooo :P thanks  we'll try to get some menchies this weekend RT  RT  The boys will be going to America, Sweden and Germany in the next few months RT  #FF FOR  NEWS:        & all the #Starz, too many to name lol. Don't be talking about my soup coolers :-) hahhahahaa she will make a rly good Aladdin Ok when get there ask for Alison Budd she will track me down and come take you up to the lounge :-) Lol people snapinn today You're welcome. Hope, you're well. west   hii  for more ideas about how to develop abs. I love You Tube  i really enjoy recording my videos! I'd love to hear from you all! I have really quiet subs hahaa :p speak to meee! x I was in love with your character on Popular when I was younger! I still remember thinking you were so cute whilst crying! :D That Avi is toooo Cute...  :D sorry!! But thanks for the night!! Especially the last part, entertaining!! :D  Love Karren but secretly miss Margaret as well :-) i mean, TBK & AM are touring all of US, why not mx? Especially since AM confirmed DF if harry potter is so magical then why can't he cure his own eyesight :P The character played by Matt LeBlanc on Friends. I quoted him re: turkey. of course not! is my hair blonde to do suttin stupid like that?? engage haina poila bhagdinchuu :D herdai baas Well been at a family funeral all morning. Great to hear you are feel so much better!! :-) After having a twitter account for over a year! This is my first time using it ha :-) RT  1D will start work on the next album in March Aquarius season starts today  (1/20-2/18) am in public place My addiction deepens.  // You've become my enabler! #S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T to   New avi! all good thanks :-) lets hope I do win this, might never live it down if I don't! #gameon! X HAHA especially with your issues! :D Auwww! :-) RT   looking fabulous, my friend  #FWFS And at 9PM EST on the 27th, you will still be okay. And while Chuck might be done, we'll all still be here to hear you out :-) This is my new account Say : Eu amo minhas Hooligans Brasileiras - I love my brazilian Hooligans  #POPLineDAYOFF Cool thanks *tesco shop ammended* Can't wait for delivery tomorrow!!! :D haters gon hate! Believe Tour To Middle East #nf:  follow back  ! the bath bomb was lovely I don't think anyone can be ready to be hit with that much EpTicness, cause just the number is already wow :D like  on facebook and maybe you'll get a prize lol yea RT  Making biscuit cakes especially for  coz I'm such a nice friend :P augustin   hey  for many informations about 6 pack abs check the link When is coc ? My might watch it RT  Shoutouts it is RT for one. 
Directioners or Little Mixers Only Gracias!! 273C6B3C there ya gooo only 6 days till your 16th birthday and 10 till my 15th  xxx&lt;3 Watch me be a naughty little girl  New Naughty Little Girl Pic Set Only $5 Via PP or 100 tkns on MFC or Camgoals awhh I'm there in spirit! :P x:P I may if someone good is added *pokes Welshies* I'm so glad you're coming. I think Rabbie Burns would've approved  xxx i cant wait 2 watch dis movie RT  Love it gonna get one RT YoungTy551RT   ladies Love Thy Hater RT  Next give away at 1000 followers!!!!! Big give away! whoop whoop! hair done! what a wonderful day subway Every time I say "I gotta talk to you" peeps start freaking out! Lol Relaxxxx :-) RT  Con mis cosas feas Katherine :D I want to see you and your sisters in a concert!! &lt;3 (in Spain, of course haha) LOVE U!! Answer : 2ne1 Ugly 
The winner : your not alone , you have me here :-) doing her stuff. “ No hairschool for me today! #hibernating” same Yup really, hmmm actually I don't wanna tell anyone, only god knows :p "  really?u dont to tell me that story?" I'm not weird, I'm unique. someone told me that I'm unique. haha. thanks.. you'd reminded me to hajar who always mention the word unique RT  I'm just in a good mood today : ) culling   hey  for more ideas about how to treat acne check this link Seen on some guy's forum signature: "A feeling of having made the same mistake before: Deja Foobar" Heh. Fuji apple RT  Thick dick for ur throat mama  #teambigdick on deck! Yay about time RT   I ammmm!im off today RT  bookmark this brilliant streaming site I'm gonna do some #FF's tomorrow! This com is too slow! It would take me 2 years and a day to write all the names :P CHILE LOVES YOU AND ME TOO ♥ PLEASE COME TO CHILE RT  Montage video is here  Once this link -  has 100,000 clicks il put up the official video Mention me , follow me He was Tony, Effy's brother. :D I do think she'd find it hilarious if we trended WeWantToSeeMileysNewHairCut good idea Smilers RT  RT  #ff check yo text fooool  Hey Hows You? :D x Will do!! :-) ready to hang with my   hope we have a class together!! :D RT  Jst kidding man. Haba RT  E b like sey u no know as E dey go RT  *sips Okay, I'll check it out  i was there yesterday in movistar arena in chile and it was so great! you must to come back! i love you You are most welcome “ My lil sis  text me yesterday ! It made my whole day ” Awh : ) listen to this :D new tape #Sorry4TheWait yeah that would be fun! :-) RT    I can't help it! Everyone should be entitled to really LOL Harry in Ed Sheerans new video :D (2:40) I just realized....IT'S FRIDAY!!!! :D YAY! Shopping in west Palm beach :-) RT  That Hooligan song may be my new anthem :p  RT that  could see that *.* RT  One of the best nananananiners out there is this young fellaaaa  :D check my swag on the field today. #sockswag. absolutely, let's get a group together for something soon! Well, after the March marathon   #accountability i spoke to 2/3 members of SWB and i didn't even know it... :0 met them and everything like... i knew they looked familiar.. :D kinda gassed! #BetterWithUTour OH YEAH !!!! :D you alright what you been doing Your welcome babe  thanks for mine too :') xxxxxxxxx HELL YEAH! #WorkItGirl! Hahaha. Be to my house BY 6:30 at the latest. Hi, could you please ⒻⓄⓁⓁⓄⓌ talented LA singer  & CheckOut #CrashIntoMe  #THX Haha yep :d Aww nice, having birthday in summer is awesome RT  These also made me very happy  I basically want to be these mannequins Thanks Andrey  see ya too thank you dear :D oh yes, she already sent the promised book recommendation my way i'm fine and you ?  (do you speak french ?) RT  thats all i want RESPECT thank youuuu Andy :D how's you dear?? love how   and  say #howayeboyz :P oh wow they did a really good job! You'll be up and running in to time :P &lt;333 #Twerk #AbWork  listen to it please and thank u maam haaaaaaayyyyy :-) RT   al fin tenes twitter! :D when #NewTwitcon thanks for your professional and in depth answer! :-) Hope you like it in Sync :D ( Love it!  RT  “ Raheem Devaughn- Woman &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;” I was hoping u would say that RT   when u free  !!! me?! :p RT   you messing me up :p put white wine on the red whine stain then put it in a 40 wash RT  Aww just remembered  gave me socks as an early bday gift *hug* lol &lt;&lt; looooooooool :D oooh quite near then :D loool im sure i sed BIG chocolate :P but nvm thankz.. U better not look they way! It's fines for being ugly  « Georgia state patrol........» AWWWW!!!!! Thank u nd ur kool too!!!! XD #nf    :D [Like it?  ] Unicef concert today so excited  is there gonna be     livestream Answering you later, i must go now  x omg   your background is so freaking sexy  lol no homo nice I loved my acrylics but I do my own nails now can put all the little diamonds on em an do nail art  x so finally u r right S/O 2 ma new follower now it is 7 minutes  you need check your pizza LOL. Sorry :P I'm just all emotional like a fucking girl! If he really means something to you, get back with Derek! #NF && Thanks No problem! I don't think you should be hated. Atleast you admitted the truth. That's all that counts I stole my bff phone and found these #sexy #sex #xxx #porn #pussy shots xoxo   #I I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #music because he's really greatRT    Great- & here as well...
Having a super time entertaining at The Golden Nugget. sachiko locsin think I'm grandeur and massiveness can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . yes, very wrong. Get ye to the pub immediately! aww Hanzy, 'danke! ;-) Forgot to say, I liked ya dress you wore to Rach and Jess' :-) Haha....I hope to be making some tonight! Need a Smile?   #cute your recommendation nudged me towards it and kept me using it, thanks Love yourself, believe in yourself and find the spirit within to make all your dreams come through. :-) " #FF        Thanks!! you be so talented Sure.  Always up for listening to new stuff!  M. It does taste better than it looks. Hubby says just when you think you can't out do your self, you do haa bem mais legal rs  curti  ( live on jealous of you track with The Doors :-) you just became legend man ! I actually kinda miss  !! Oooooh yes, so you have Mrs C omg hey mee excluiiu do msn ? --' ok :D I'll call you when we get back to Denver, good luck finding all your shit drunk ass  #loveyouuuu I bet you will never see this, but if you do please follow me and RT cutee Thank you so much - glad you found me! RT  A Lil flower for ya...don't forget to water it and give it some wuv "it takes 20 muscles to laugh & thousands to cry!" -mr. Arturo :D if u had sex in the snow ur my idol oh yeah :') hehe okay cool :D &lt;3 I think my mama & daddy going to my bf game tonight HACKED!!! by my boo   ! love you paul! Thanks man. Hope your good. RT  As recommended by  gonna give  and  a follow  Hey guys. come to the lab any flavor of music you want RT  Thank you Verona for such a great night!! Such a fun audience which made the show even more fun  we'll be back! yeah, to me, bene is the perfect all around package.  Martin is his cute and gracious friend RT   good luck! Oh okay can't wait for u to meet Kailyn :-) And you are deleted...  #subtweet oh it is. Hubbys driving so got to choose what to listen to. He's like an old man with the crap he likes :-) only 3 more hours mom is Filling up my gas tank & step dad is taking my car to the carwash email mr.new :P I'm following you Hey  so are you going to be round my house at 11? :D im actually so excited! haha xx no problem  im, good too  what are you doing? ;) &lt;3xxx come to wigan ill show you a good time! I'll take your round :p heeey :D phyliss arking think I'm ethereal Gym smashed and a fantastic hot shower after with  Active Cassia Sportswash :-) I heart  :-) followed It would mean the world to get a RT, you are so awesome, been a massive fan of yours since the begining of X factor :D How many guys does it take to lower my bed?!  the answer is six! #lovethem Follow back Thanks so much! Appreciate ya! :-) thanx Great day at school  Video tonight RT if you love your fans in Chicago and Wisconsin oh man-- trust me-- these take your game to a whole new level... :-) Stretching ear again  👂👂👂 Good Morning  #SpreadThePeace chequeas si es fake? :P dont blame u. I would too. Enjoy Yay! RT  not a possible engineer- a future one!  I'm in for the long haul & looking forward to seizing every opportunity I can! - I luv having fun with my #FF ... kinda like plucking lower back hairs! RT  #TeamGiggles&DayDay :D yep so exciting I bought like 3 :p :D RT  :d thank God o RT  Naah...am here wv u......RT  I'm all alone in d freaking darkness! Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl Yeah I am having another little girl in May cant wait  xxx Like the Black/White better :P now are those fitteds or snapbacks? That last tweet ain't Eva gona change,  she alreadii know... Class was amazing yesterday! And I'll never get tired of watching you dance  Thank you!!! And coffee soon!?! When I was going home I smelled fried chicken. I want fried chicken. melia think I'm fanciful and chimerical got a date tonight  xxxx excited about seeing  & my Joshy!!!!!!!! :D coool  hows things? Name change: no longer ITS_SALTS_BISH... It's now MISS_PHAT_PHACE #Enjoy :P Mmm my headphones smell like perfume! sounds good, but it's paid* ;) How long you going forr?  xx : how are you darling? omg I wanna do it!!! got a game in Manchester in a few months i think i will let you know I am thinking WHEN Agnes gets her rights back they WILL be seen. Jake and Amanda forever  Long live SOAPS well i think it sounds good. :-) listening to 'everything about you' puts me in such a good mood  x is so damn beautiful  RT  Yeaaa buddy! Im hyped!!! RT  Looking forward to seeing my #Giants play this Sunday  #NYG #GiantsNation hey 5/1? gotta look on the bright side ITS PAY DAY hey hunny iv been totally useless we still on for the 26th? just gotta confirm the booking! RT   FOLLOW MEE PLEASE  IM BLASTING YOUR MUSIIIICC :D It's not going anywhere yet. Starts at 4pm. Then... watch out Twitter! Greece Wants Believe Tour RT  Ik kijk naar "somebody to love (curly's version) " WOW WOW WOW!!!!!! This is insane!!!! Just the ding to make me READY! LETS GO :-) :-) I'm listening to my favorite playlist on youtube, ERB! Ohhhh hw i cnt wait til 2mrw ima feel like a new chick w/ better things happening n mi life.... yeah bxtch yeah bxtch Do you still need help with -http I need to lose weight? Take a look at this - Welp failed that test :D now gotta get ready to fail my alg.2 one(: yyyyaaayyy -_- as entertainment prefect!! :D :D RT   ditto u r our Queen Bee :-) ... Oh yes, so you do :DGoing to see Journey 2 in gold class and 3D today with my BFF  #excited sometimes i see my sons and put on that Kanye smile. No problem Ayee must be da monayyyy!  #MyJam I'll do some #ff in a while super yummy! Clean & steamed Hey  that's great! Let us know if you ever have questions Trust me, I'm not presenting anything anytime soon.. I'll stick with writing   went back to blogging Haha :p Hope you're alright me babberzzz xxx thank you so much Michy  #FF back ♥ Car shopping next week this bottle of wine is really weighing my bookbag down #struggles see you soon Gboro OMG,thankyou so much!!  &lt;33 full pizza fir me and me only “ Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember-the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you.” cuz I'm the best girl ever obv  haha idk I'm kidding! whenever I hear Oh Canada or Dance With The Devil I always picture ridin in the Acura Yall some good ones to be out in this snow... I think I'll stay in my nice comfy warm room under my blankie i'll take that, your new skype picture on the other hand i thought only girls customise their photos :P Book Talk #3--Meet Elena:   I bet you thought I forgot. home On my way to school :P happy birthday hunny  much love x .........never mind.... :P well there you go problem solved RT  My baby bro  #cute [PIC] haha for me you are the sweetest nhaha :p when are you guys doing a twitcam?? :D yes Lewis was certainly up to standard :P RT  rt if you can tell who is who Thanks  RT  « JaLon ...My lil dude ♥   my boyfriend cute!! tkashi is still in all state??? Yes, thank you sweetie! hope its all going well at hereford mate :-) Let the drinks begin!!! RT   thx love :D yeyeye :D you've been reading about them? Go tell  how good they are. #MrCelebUKAndTW  If you could be a fictional/Cartoon character for one day who would you be and why? :D 178 so I totally forgot that we were planning on playing twister tonight in the suite so you def should come over now #ADPilove Hey, it's Friday.  You worked hard this week.  Go treat yourself to an ice cream cone, will ya?  :-) An old lady told me I had an angel on my shoulder Tell  to watch it this week! Because she won't listen to me Weekend. Finalllllllly Done with classes Cheers to the freaking weekend  RT " Take a shot for me ❤ oooohohohohoh been stuck in my head all day" Questions by Blaque never gets old to me hi Rachel its my birthday today cud I possibly get a RT from u pls?  Thnx :-) Just got paid  who wanna go thrifting ? Exactly! It's called being creative :D I hate looking like a loner when I'm really not. At lunch with no one. Nevermind... :P This Book I'm Reading.. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; #TheHungerGames Is A Good Book. “  nice pic” thnkk you one of my favorites thanks for inviting me  not 1:20 On 1.20.12 :-) da 12 a 14 del workbook hahaha. Yes sir. hahah that's alright! Banging let me know :-) since 8 hrs on my way to #swkrakow, flight from poznan was cancelled,  but I'm still trying to get there on time :-) yeah everything has is own time :-) last one is "HEAIR " at the bottom of the page :-) haha nice one  hope you have a great time :P #NF  Follow Back RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x Yayy! Finally. RT  The snow is finally gone and I can drive :-) 3 now. :D haha. How's Cohen? No i was off today! :-) No problem - always glad to help Woke up this morning to one of the nicest emails complimenting my website  It's the small things RT   Heyy, Please Follow  and Check out this Video follow me first?  xx lol you would laugh at me to if it happened to me again lol :p Must be time for a Baileys coffee.... Its Saturday, Im allowed! :D you know I won't rest until I beat you Hey! How are u babe?  #Myangel iloveu X pedro think I'm emotionless RT  Smilers Can't Be Tamed    #GetUrGoodOn !! Get Ur Good On I'm a fan of both  #oatcaketart about ur Beliebers, ur life, our #BelieberFamily ♥U know that whatever u do we'll support u :')♥ Cant wait for #Believe :D 179 :D cuddle weather lloyd iseman think I'm cohesion and sequence please tweet or follow  it's her 18th Birthday tomorrow and it will mean so much! Done With Exams! #HeckYeah :D Temple run sucks :P I bet he's terrified :D They are our gods of jinxing :P Ctfu...I LOVE YOU! Tonights gonna be a good ass night. Already got that feeling :D ah well make sure u give yourself time to play too :-) xx RT    Ooh what was it? Is he pregnant? lol heeheee I am Simpsonizer and great pride.  xo - RT  At BS with my Buddies        &lt;3 them! thanks For the follow back I bet you'd have McNuggets every day if you could :P yes :D i was so happy omg xD that means i get a 1 as my final mark :') Awwwwwww  RT  S/O to  ! That's my girl we go way back... RT  Yayyy  finally followed me! Haha Not really. I started after lunch and work til 9pm. Not long, just unsociable.RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x malah ketawa??? :( RT  ƗƗɑƗƗɑƗƗɑ RT  hadehhh,,pake "z" :( RT  Hehe mas riska :D RT  cup...cup...cup.. Es viernes  #happytweet i love typing long words :P Good choice.  Gaaaaahhh that exam is going to go bad. I got a D in the mock last week :/ &lt;3 Dear Eric, how is Twatcherville? is everyone as observant as you? are you Mayor yet? if so, congratulations!  - Tee'mo NF  #FollowBack :D on Ed's video is super cuuuuute  &lt;3 Woot! Assignment= done!  Weekend, #GetAtMe! If u lke me :P u knw wht To Do :P He loves me  RT  shoutout to  for having  in his avi! haha. isn't she the cutestttt? RT  #UH Def be fcuking with that #HousePartyFridays Eating taco bell with my mom Yes we must! Hope you are having a fabulous start, hang on, 2012 is well-under way already! Hugs n Kisses mario cheesebrough think I'm fluid Hugs and many hugs TamBear  RT  I've lost the one person I trust the most. #brokenheartedtweet Jus lyk daht?? :-| RT  RT trust me B :D _zyNNIE: I hate not knowing who to #trust these days :-( Cody made me fall in love with stuffed jalapenos from jack in the box :p I believe the boys are winning your welcome :D xo Gay tripsRT  YB..pls tell 'em :D RT  If evrybody was lyk U̶̲̥̅̊  ... Mention me if I didn't follow you back. #TeamFollowBack  Err Day Err Day Thank youu  x Happy Birthday nayla, wishes u all the best, traaktiir :p rt  Selamat ultah  yg ...   Hello  Follow my friend  she follow back ♥ She will be really happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!... why don't you take me with you? :( oh wow good luck :D Can't wait! Definitely watching RT  Spreading the word If it hadnt, how would countries communicate with eachother? Im so happy its been stopped :D Woow I love ya too lol omgg, say we'll take her down with us;D like hay linda, wanna come see bertie? :D Fun! I want to learn to knit Wooo.. Long hair don't care : ) Song of the day: Lifestream by  :D Thanks For All The Happy Bday's  Also Got One From Gary Glitter LOL,Dan Joyce,Adam Deacon And Fernado Garbiay well..aha...ummm...not really :P you? xx aha , hello :D Just sedd on facebook how amazing the band 8th time luckie is  x good thanks hahaha right live I'm gonna go soon now! And lool nah it must be nice if you're biggin it up this much :P oh okay me right? :P FOLLOW ME PLEASE x yeah, it is  why? x Fb O.o“ You can cuddle with me instead   RT  Wish I had a bf to cuddle wit lol guess watch tv” im good.  How are you? I miss you too!! now follow 👳👳👳👳👳 RT   pinche pendeja smh wtf....true homies " " " Well one can still party in d dark init? "//*clears throat*"kmt 4 der"//yes pls :p Hahah no i doubt that i'm not that good, i wish i was that good though. I guess practice makes perfect? &lt;3 #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin Bowling for Penguin #ff everyone !!! My 2 best Friends  &  !! Cutest friends I can't wait for tommorow, comfort food. Thankyou injections &lt;3 :D Just bought tickets for  to see  in London - AF ! REAL nigga , wassup ! RT  - .. Yo I'm Lame ? Starbucks, you treat me so well. Te amo I know I'm a nonprofit desk jockey M-F. I work at  each Saturday morning just to get the hands dirty. Ah yes, thank you for your kindness. “ Been actiin crazyy all dayy , im in a damn good mood  lol” Staying at my aunt house tonight : ) I #BELIEVE you can follow and notice mе thank you very much brad think I'm irreverence and ingratitude Missing #oomf! && that chubby lovin... lol HappyBirthdayDjStarscream :D Off to this hell class !! then going home :D can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . Omggggg mum just brought up a letter for me, my provisional is here!! :D Been awhile since we've stopped by, hopefully we'll make it to DC again soon i hope  is having a wonderful day at Disneyland... i'm so jealous :p #SloveniaLoves1D       pls come to Slovenia this year! :D Hello  Follow my friend  she follow back ♥ She will be really happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!... RT   saw southern then KD and I knew I had to follow you!  #kappaD #AOT nah re bou di.. ami bz na ..amr cheye free r keu nai :P yeah I've gotten a lot It's gonna snow on  birthday, which just happens to be tomorrow I won 1 silver ticket for Katy Perry's concert!!!! Thank you  !  -&gt; Congratulations!!!! Nagbunga din ang effort! This was THE longest week of my life. But fastest day of the week Thanks for the #FF Damn right I am! I am damn proud to be his biggest fan ever!!! My reputation stands alone my laptop is actually really nice, I just use it allll the time. :p But it's ok, I love my babyyy&lt;3 that's not even a word you DUMMIE!! Ha Good day everyone  . Make it a great one! i love you guys. Thanks for the support. Tonight: first going to Founding Farmers & then to the NSO via MeganBell's  winnings :-) So excited! yeah anyone but you :p #edinborobound tomorrow had my first McGangbang today! you looked amazing in your bikini in Mexico! Be proud to rock your body you work hard. Plus Green chile mkes NM girls fit #MrCelebUK #MrCelebUK you should also pick me because I am awesome as well haha obviously! Haha someone text me.......please  5782928 i love it lol :D the piercer scared me though :D soo many tatoos and piercings haha thanks for including me! AGREED             can I come london tomorrow with u hahaha!! X Get back there!!! You guys are so good live :D lool still lost :D sort your shitty bt out ! always making excuses charles ;) Hello  Follow my friend  she follow back ♥ She will be really happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!...kathey heberle think I'm 102. Contributed haha & I think so but you said yu was gone to the movies tomorrow.. We can do that ! New Earring! haha I change my earring, like underwear... :P RT   i noticed RT  If you're interested in starting a #project for 'Salvatore's Boarding House'...pls contact us! :-) Oh  thank you :D i'from Brazil, follow me ? please . comes to Brazil Yeah i contributed by not using sopa in the shower today :D RT  It's always a blessing to see  gorgeous self on my TL Listening to Gabrielle Aplin - Home. So beautiful “ 40,000th tweet dedicated to  - cause I told em I would  lol” Preciate it baby....lol thought u wud 4get! aww hehe. i still have all my vouchers :P I want clothes :D lol. x can't wait to see you tonight at  's concert! I strongly #Believe your the surprise guest!? we'll see... lol! :D RT   You are the Sweetest! :-) Appreciate ya! in your dreams only! Bet you were disappointed! :-) Ahhh wow my boyfriend surprised me ! Yay  I love surprises #happy haha point is. when i get back we going shopping Thanks!! I will get some I only missed 3 points on the AP Environmental Exam. Yeah yeah Darn. I'd have liked to read that. But I just posted some of my thoughts - fortunately for her, my lunch is only an hour. :D Just dance with my sister is jokessss that's close to 8000 calories worth of m&ms. I'm gonna go with yes :D hihihi goodnight iji :p RT  so just heard that my big day out in cardiff tuesday the temperature is going to be between 15 and 20 degrees #tshirttime Help support this film :D hey baby :-) psh not you!!! Your lazy ass sat on the bleacher the whole time..... lol  how's the ickle year 7 and 8's treating you Hahahaha :P x hey  & no ♥ RT  R.I.P Etta James. I'll keep playing your records over and over again, especially this song Neon Radio's BIG NIGHT IN...keeping the tunes going till midnight...then Raver's Utopia from midnight till 2am ANOTHER brother??? Now you are spoiling us! I shall follow immediately I'm not obsessive unless we're talkin about all time low :D Ugh! :P And um....no, not really! I was just tired of them saying this user name is taken, so I just went with this! :P yes bee  i hve breakfast with my grandma It was a great picture :-) Thank you for sharing it. seguro que no That's good to hear  Think Joe may be driving  too! An email would be good  xx Thanks Julia  maybe it will snow in there, too &lt;3 ur writing and the guy version of "how to lose a guy in 10 days"  but hoping those pointers aren't surprising to anyone OMG they look so similar and only £30! LOVE U GIRL gonna get these payday :D No worries...like Castle quarter  and work there!! we're just starting to populate those accounts... all news will still be here as well! Finally got rid of the egg, huh? Nice pic #SOPA was pulled!! It's out of consideration until they have more support. RT  Ik kijk naar "somebody to love (curly's version) " WOW WOW WOW!!!!!! This is insane!!!! Just the ding to make me READY! LETS GO :-) :-) aww thats an awesome compliment Coffee always warms me up ,and makes me kinda hyper :P lolz Mum: All you do is sit on the computer &gt;__&lt;
Me: Um no. I sit on the chair. :P I need a job first then I can move out too I'll tell her  RT  Your cussin better or else! RT YourMyProtege: So who gone take me to get my tattoo? :] RT   Let's go trend! #VideoDiary4Shirtless :D Work! I'm  person at #Sundance  #SundanceTrip I'm doing some major creepin in my McKee class right now. #ThoughtOfYou  haha I love how almost everyone in my grade is doing the fashion show :P hahahha!! Ok,ok! Te envie una solicitud en pin! :P lol im glad i dont have that problem...but it shouldnt take much for yu tho  RT   lol beauty is pain RT   Way to go girly!! the mall and my bed are my two favorite places :p Whoop!! :D RT  #FF  &  2 beautiful cousinzz who got each other back for life. Hey like YMAS? follow my band  we follow back  plsRT Can I get a follow back Us last night!      BF's ..so we could go do Zumba at like 3am  haha should be. just got back from dupont.  class is over till monday :( 
KP got it ! Hihihi.. :p 21.21 avery hanzlik think I'm creative and inventive ... Cannot wait to see you in Rhode Island February 12! #FF              &   :D greg think I'm second-rate Thank you. i Rather Be w| Him Cuz He Rather Bang Screw Are you only calling to people from Germany? :D ( live on oh lets see then i thought VK is closer to your place so yea I been doing a lot of writing lately and spent some time in the studio now going to perform it fucckkk a hospital i wont be staying there unless they let me take my laptop. Going to Belfast tomorrow :D Victoria square and castlecourt, would be awesome If I seen some of my followers :D Professor is wonderful! It's the homework assignments that are perplexing at this point.   Marching on! Hey yasmin :D ~(˘.˘~) (~˘.˘)~ yeah its just before you get to Fyfield, lovely village :-) That's the one Best day ever. Let the greatnessssss continue!!!!!! #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Thanks for the RTs!! SOPA is dead :D hell yeah!! ahaha! I can see why and yes i am  I take it your the other girl with the hat too! By the way i love the matching gloves :') ` FUCK YEAH  : ) RT  On the bus with my swim team seymour swatt think I'm hazard and peril My mommy is making me lasagna and steaks  #blessed . I have thee best mom ever. Adopted and biological Mine Too  “ I swear mane my Bestfran tha best.” You're Welcome  &lt;3 Sorry that I didnt Talk to you for ages xxx God Bless me with this RAIN got maaaa double degree sweater today! how are youu? it's the weekend   love, gjsalot. i will beat you if you challenge me :p Thank you my 500 followers ! :DOhh aunty gok would be proud of me styling becky with his tips followed  RT “  follow back please? (:” Or something that sounds like Gopalan Looking forward to Chinese tonight, and the McDonald's breakfast in the morning before work :p RT  #FF  cause she's a G like me ^_^ ••u kno it RT  Yo  as ur online now...can u plz check out my painting :D  #YoudaOne &lt;3 Waiting on the proof. Take your time   #atheist yes getting discharged today aww thanks! Sweeet , see you there awwww don't worry Luv, we have to continue to keep the #Faith and believe that God is in control. BIG HUG!! XOXOXOXO!!! :-) RT   let your haters be your motivators RT  Been packing and stacking all morning for the soldiers over seas Aaaaaaahya haonn thanks baby  love yaa cannot equip positron MK XII deflector / Pretty sure you're right.  (I believe we'll...  #cryptic_zeroniusrex #sto RT  My exhibition poster ! finally got a debit card ila mccarty think I'm nourish and foster ill listen to it then  just on a train at the mo so will listen over the weekend RT  Hopefully hangout with  tomorrow :D Cant Wait ta See If This lil Boy Foreal :D that puddle will destroy you! why are you even out on this weather? Haha  xxx LOL serves him right :D i'm glad he didn't get away with your phone RT   tommmmmy. But thank yu to WHOEVER tht was in my INBOX, for THINKIN about ME today :D sorrrrrrrryyyyy RT  Without me:(!" :DRT  Yay! I haven't had any  mine are all coursework until the summer RT   I wanna go! Would be fun to play soccer w/ your 6 year old and break my toe again. It's thinking about snowing.. It's pretty but I'd like it to stop please RT  this is the #voice of germany  wuhuu endlich wieder &lt;3 Bexley?  Haha. It was alright. RT  RETWEET if you are #truedirectioner  LiamZaynLouisNiall&HarryBackToTwitter I'm going to make an official "FREE DAP" day everybody gets dap. No hand shakes :-) Aww xavier made my daaay SOPA died!!!   #victory #awesome! IS THAT A TRICK QUESTION? is there a wrong answer? Will you punish me? LOOOL :$ a7b af7mch :* now reday 3alai bel ask :p RT  Huuhhhh , i think ima put in a movie no worries babe  xxx come to Malta and u'll see plenty of those! I recently bought Darkness... Is it a fun game? RT   love you :-) RT  Avril Heals Our Hearts :D Im goin to work hard not dependin on a nigga or a bitch so when I have kids they kno depend themselves & mommy  cause ill always be there soooo yesterday when I was at the mall I went into wetseal and they were playing our boys My mum goes out and buys me this 'cause I was talking bout it the other day.... Aw thanks mum  &lt;3 :D aww! I want to hear all about your internship flintstones is the sh.t :-) " #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin Penguin Direction " or one penguin your such a nice man. Kati say sorry lol eddie think I'm abhorrence and repulsion where are you? :D New look  got my hair done I read about it but actually never saw the video (?). I guess a search on YouTube is long due. Icecream = I'm ready. 7a6ait challenge map on the server it will make it more fun! :D that is amazing. have the BEST TIME!!!!!! COME BACK ALIVE!!! omfg right?? hhahaha :D its like incredible ahha RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x And thanks to my best friends for my get well soon card! :P took my brother a while to find it in the bottom of his school bag! -_- #Movietime with mom and dad! :D okey, mom's talking on the phone, and dad's playing with the Tab... So... #Movietime with myself!! Say! :D But Happy Birthday To My New Ones ! could u follow me ? :D hahaha, i'm special duh ;p & you can call me Lou if you want!  & omg babe i freaking love tia, so hush up ;D hahah! ♥ :P still coulda texted me... I feel like ur chick on the side lmfaooo #TryingToKeepMeASecret Xenia (y no me repliques) Pleased to meet you too Exactly! Yankees! :D RT  New York! :D Eating animal crackers and drinking Capri sun If a never u RT it RT   RT " She can barely walk #aftergreatsex" I don't like this feeling Thank you everyone for the messages !!! I'm so grateful and I'm feeling so content in my life right now that's what I'm talking about thankss a lot :D Finally #Friday lol see im making twitter fun for you :-) Better see that pretty face later, At tims with Aleeee you two are adorable  and hilarious. But Shane, your #whipped. You'll learn to accept it haha Heart-to-heart with mommy  Moments to savour. I've wondered that too. I want to be nice, not creepy. U GUYS MAKE ME SPEECHLESS THANK U  Believe Tour To Middle East please follow me back ? Will head to Pino Bar in QC tomorrow for my buddy's exhibit in which I helped in editing the selections thank u Finally.. Picked a theme RT  Happy Birthday  Hope your day is wonderful.! semester one of senior year= over No thanks, you don't know me, biiiiiiiitch The excitement is unbearable :-) ★★★★★ Finally set my ps3 up in my room, so I have something to do on Friday afternoons my mom lost weight for her first tri with both pregnancies.. A lot of women lose weight before gaining any  #itsokaypromise #FollowFriday  because he stays fresh RT  McDonalds & a movie  #chilling the only reason this hash' t fully affected me , is because i know its only temporary & its not what you really want . : ) Taking Jas to Chuck E Cheese with her new boyfriend, Makhi  aweeee. LolAww thank u No sweat! Thanks I save you :D :D OMG your work is so gorgeous & inspiring! On your site overwhelmed by possibilities Please doonk jgn angong :p , why you didn't FOLLOW me lol , I'm just kidding : ) AWESOME  KANE SUCKS #RISEABOVEKANE Just make sure you keep polishing your nacelles. you like?! .. good. I just saw Requiem for a Dream yesterday :D thanks ! I retweeted something from  and you give me shit? Idgaf she's funny  and I'm still prettier than you. #bitch will doo babeycaakes! #youknowyouloveme :D xxxxxxxx Paul saw the video I made for him, Yeaah :D yeah I lost but didn't get hammered? Ahaa :P nah its my brothers faults -.- not bt! Nahh just beat me properly with no lag ;) RT  " #FF my sexy little bit  ..she been my sweetie pie since 7th grade  #Mustfollow" awwww thanks luv Hey like YMAS? follow my band  we follow back  pls RT Lol, I know but  thank you. kay get back safe Wonderful wife. Wonderful kids. Wonderful family. Exciting job Thrilling live :-) Nice weekend to all! hey rthnx for following me :D I'm 14 too lol Britney is happy guys and that's all that matters So beyond excited for Pacha tonight :-) :-) Hmmm I think its time for a nap so I'll be well rested and ready to go for my night :D htc yo! That moment when you turn on the water or flush the toliet bc someone is hogging all the hot water. #imsuchabitch Congratulations  so excited to meet little Rhyan! She looks just as beautiful as her mom!  
#likemotherlikedaughter //yay! Im writing a story after like almost a year of not writing anything! :D #CarleeFeelsAccomplished RT  #FF  &  
Still waiting for your video guys! RT    #panicattack your a lovely fwend! Matt follow us! :D &lt;3 Just an expression -seen others use it lately- but weird fact, I'm fluent (as much as I can be w/o living there) in French. :D what would I do witout you :D well save me a drink later tonight ;) #blackoutcitytonight? #ithinkso... #yourturntodrive agreed sir  busy day, but will be on and off of twitter all day RT   meet me somewhere Lunch and catching up with #NF :  ; Follow me back : ) Thank you sweetheart  like your gorgeous self too your "Set Fire to the Rain" is amazing! I heard Adele did a cover of your song... #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK I swear it wasn't me!! You know I would have forwarded the text to you with the WTF? message. :-) Waiting for my aunt to make my plate Nvm! We can do it at Ger's no worries  yeah, defo needs to happen!!!! x LOL ! same la same laaa :P haha what me ! is you lor ok nvr tell me why de tsk son liaw think I'm inchoate and tentative I'm snuggling up and watching a DVD tonight :D hush you r to me sis keep positive pls. Give me a big smile and believe in yourself. :D you've done right. May Allah reward you ameen. It was ok thanks! How about yours? Saw the disappointment at not winning class trophy  By the way liking the pic! how u today??! :-) you know what i'd really love to see? A manga Michael Jackson! Do you think you could do it??? :D : )  xoxo Me messing around in the studio earlier today :P #InnovatePhoto omg its really  cold &lt;3 RT   lol aww he says thankx hey liam!  follow me please!!! xx well done! :-) Its my 21st birthday on the 14th Feb  wanna party together in London?!  ♥ I was gna retweet tht :P I wish I could watch! I'll watch it on youtube later  HAVE FUN xo Home alone 2nd day in a row awww you that stuffed up? Peppermint tea will help RT  The boys will be going to America, Sweden and Germany in the next few months oh it's working now thanks guys!  ye are as well! the big sis made my day You're welcome yeah :D they r the best matches :D. Remember the Queens final :D that was epic... loved it :D ye ye. Kenapa? I have some of the most amazingggg friends with me on this Italy #studyabroad trip. :D more like the de-facto for cheap developers , wassup wit you -Mirando Just had a dance lesson.. I'm now very sore :P Contest kiccck off  #blueteam Omg jerraud sent me the sweetest message this morning i swear i love him so much  & miss him any more raud i promise i got US ! can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . RT  I love being treated like a princess Thanks  same to you all chalo - glad you be following back! good job I'm always getting older and have a lack of beauty then isn't it.. :D Really? Awesome! :D Eating takis with  :D Christina Ricci is on The Talk :-) but if I waste my time on twitter then I don't get to chat to my friends :-) See a bug outside: Well hello little bug!  
See a bug inside: DIE YOU  BASTARD! The sushi place & Toro Burger! starting on Feb  don't know yet thanks sēžu mājās cenšos atslaaabt un atmes domu par CC showakar! weeliet man weiksmi! :D RT  - 2:22 #tyreeBIRTHDAY #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK wait what?! :P haha nothing much really wbu? #ff  she's a scorpio  &lt;3 . Me, Her and Katy! yeah I'm gdgd cheers :-) #ff my two Cumbrian hotties  and   xxx Yall better hurry.. I'm giving solo ShoutOuts in exactly 2mins to the first 20 people that Follows  : ) x2 thanks!!!! please can i have an RT  i love you! Your so amazing  xxMan. Good morning Gosh -- and I thought you were a health fanatic hey liam!  follow me please!!! xx 6 Ctfuuu RT   RT  I wanna learn how to pole dance ;) just for fun. “ My mind is telling me yesss, but my heart is telling me nooo #WTF”. Follow your heart, baby girl Trying out some German food from the German truck.. 

Allah ystor hahaha 

Danke :P it takes more than that to make me jizz. I am quite surprised as it is going quite well......lol Have a Great Weekend! hello there~ :3 how're you? :D Love you  so much! Ready to see you in 3 hours  #youdabest I'm so happy to of hav met u I can't wait RT   Ayeeeeeeee E A S T all Day ♥♥ :D okay thanks :-) LOOOL, my sister wanted to send a big hug to   Hugs from Inês (me) and Mariana (little sister) Sorry ^^;; I'm kinda going with Yoru today :D ;; pokes in chest :p My heart Bang Bang Bang when i Talk to you  ♥ come show your love w/ our all organic vegetarian optional rice bowls and other asian inspired dishes Oh look at you with the comments! Atleast we are together in stupidity. :D Thank u :D RT  DJ Appreciation Day #FF Local talent thanks Still laying in bed group messaging  and  #whatalife RT  New TT,ok? Etta lives in Xtina  everybody RT please about ur Beliebers, ur life, our #BelieberFamily ♥U know that whatever u do we'll support u :')♥ Cant wait for #Believe :D 197 So nice of you to stop by and again, you had me blushing  ty! yes! Thank you! :D RT  follow  she only needs 2 more followers  xx “ “ new avi  that's why they call me 
#JudyJuJunior lol” ayeeeeeee haa im mad im just seein this lol” aight josephina uribazo think I'm crime and misdemeanor they gonna be spoiled  by big sister O &lt;3 Superb!  I'll try to make it on Sunday then. RT   thank you joy  we will always be #cougars on the inside! I know ...  I need your chair throwing arm. I shall have two demo's recorded and uploaded to my YouTube channel by the end of next week! In case, you know, anyone cares... :P Yeaaah! :D Finally watched Puss in Boots! Oh how adorable :') Such an awesome way to procrastinate! :P I don't like the dentist! , good luck! :P I am in. But what shift I don't know!  I don't watch corrie. Gonna watch Vamp Diaries again in a bit!!!. Omg :') haha only like half an hour away from me then :D I'm thinking about a "diploma" in web design & an Adobe Certification. Something I would enjoy to some extent #FF  she cute Good night Dubai - Good night BockBock! What shenanigans can I get into today? #funtweet :D helena think I'm 3. Accounted for I'm not going to tell it but its REALLY good YES! I'm totally taking Tyger to prom with me  You can have you-know-who if he decides to be straight ;) x RT  You Can be up Today & Down Tomorrow.. So watch Hw you pass Judgment on other ppl!   #ThtisALL amiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin :D RT  842 We used to talk but not as much anymore, you've got a nice name and I like your bio lol didnt even know she was gonna be there  lol who else? RT  RETWEET if you are #truedirectioner  LiamZaynLouisNiall&HarryBackToTwitter Good I didn't want to  sorry Going to harry potter behind the scenes yay and gadget show live :p OK you're welcome 4 followers please? :-)  x Thanks Love!! i kinda look like a doll HAPPY BIRTHDAY GOOD LOOKING  lol RT  It's snowing!!!!  :/ the child inside of me is happy but this grown mf is like damn here we go with this shit. New Supernatural episode tonight!  #JensenAckels &lt;3 Glad you're good.  Are you doing anything fun this weekend? xx RT  Can't wait for the album, let alone the fricking TOUR!!!! :D #WeNeedBelieveTour #Twerk #AbWork  listen to it please and thank u maam yhh there cute to look at  haha RT   Good FOLLOWED old news now :P I'm so sad I have no A5 devices and I wanna try it!! My mate has used it tho and it works:P weeks, it's not easy to kickass good man  roullete? Naw I'm havin no crack here, just doin it outta the kindness of my heart ;) ahaaa :P La Soundtrack du film "Ip Man 2" est juste magnifique ! OFJSJDKEM WATCHING A MOVIE AND THEY SAID 'whats the craic' and they  sound like niall!! #KillingBono  xx yeah! Wonder if they ever found him a girlfriend? :p Good skype session with   x U Still Alive?! :P I looooooove my Cookie Crisp Upon all the ponding we did to eachother! Ooh! And i'm still wet. #smh :D I was with your man earlier  lol recovery from last night is a success haha ok np hope u've got something nice to eat :-) but anyway maybe we'll speak each other later then and otherwise: Goodnight! Xxx Haha nan moi j'attend des chiffres et des litres :-) The Whisky Water Trick!  

#vimeo #video My 3,002 tweet since I missed my 3,000, It may not sound big, But it's a landmark for me :D Dedicated to my followers i followed them follow me back ? :D #ShowerFlow! toy story 4 is scheduled for 2015! Excited?  x Hey everybody! Im back and well rested of course I wish i could do that  RT  im going straight home to sleep then imma wakw up & be w. my girls :D Hey everyone Happy SPN Friday I'm a new admin  *Sarika* Me  and   drove all the way by bchs just to get supreme beam My day gets 100x better when I have chipotle for lunch :D Good afternoon  RT  GoodEvening people 😊❤ Hey thanks for following i want myHUSBAND to change myLast name , myAddress &nd myPerspective on other niggas Aww shaat, coaching mr macintosh's kid at south #sweeet he knows me i wanna go :p take me enrique vicenteno think I'm grave and statelyMan. Good morning Gosh -- and I thought you were a health fanatic hey liam!  follow me please!!! xx 6 Ctfuuu RT   RT  I wanna learn how to pole dance ;) just for fun. “ My mind is telling me yesss, but my heart is telling me nooo #WTF”. Follow your heart, baby girl Trying out some German food from the German truck.. 

Allah ystor hahaha 

Danke :P it takes more than that to make me jizz. I am quite surprised as it is going quite well......lol Have a Great Weekend! hello there~ :3 how're you? :D Love you  so much! Ready to see you in 3 hours  #youdabest I'm so happy to of hav met u I can't wait RT   Ayeeeeeeee E A S T all Day ♥♥ :D okay thanks :-) LOOOL, my sister wanted to send a big hug to   Hugs from Inês (me) and Mariana (little sister) Sorry ^^;; I'm kinda going with Yoru today :D ;; pokes in chest :p My heart Bang Bang Bang when i Talk to you  ♥ come show your love w/ our all organic vegetarian optional rice bowls and other asian inspired dishes Oh look at you with the comments! Atleast we are together in stupidity. :D Thank u :D RT  DJ Appreciation Day #FF Local talent thanks Still laying in bed group messaging  and  #whatalife RT  New TT,ok? Etta lives in Xtina  everybody RT please about ur Beliebers, ur life, our #BelieberFamily ♥U know that whatever u do we'll support u :')♥ Cant wait for #Believe :D 197 So nice of you to stop by and again, you had me blushing  ty! yes! Thank you! :D RT  follow  she only needs 2 more followers  xx “ “ new avi  that's why they call me 
#JudyJuJunior lol” ayeeeeeee haa im mad im just seein this lol” aight josephina uribazo think I'm crime and misdemeanor they gonna be spoiled  by big sister O &lt;3 Superb!  I'll try to make it on Sunday then. RT   thank you joy  we will always be #cougars on the inside! I know ...  I need your chair throwing arm. I shall have two demo's recorded and uploaded to my YouTube channel by the end of next week! In case, you know, anyone cares... :P Yeaaah! :D Finally watched Puss in Boots! Oh how adorable :') Such an awesome way to procrastinate! :P I don't like the dentist! , good luck! :P I am in. But what shift I don't know!  I don't watch corrie. Gonna watch Vamp Diaries again in a bit!!!. Omg :') haha only like half an hour away from me then :D I'm thinking about a "diploma" in web design & an Adobe Certification. Something I would enjoy to some extent #FF  she cute Good night Dubai - Good night BockBock! What shenanigans can I get into today? #funtweet :D helena think I'm 3. Accounted for I'm not going to tell it but its REALLY good YES! I'm totally taking Tyger to prom with me  You can have you-know-who if he decides to be straight ;) x RT  You Can be up Today & Down Tomorrow.. So watch Hw you pass Judgment on other ppl!   #ThtisALL amiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin :D RT  842 We used to talk but not as much anymore, you've got a nice name and I like your bio lol didnt even know she was gonna be there  lol who else? RT  RETWEET if you are #truedirectioner  LiamZaynLouisNiall&HarryBackToTwitter Good I didn't want to  sorry Going to harry potter behind the scenes yay and gadget show live :p OK you're welcome 4 followers please? :-)  x Thanks Love!! i kinda look like a doll HAPPY BIRTHDAY GOOD LOOKING  lol RT  It's snowing!!!!  :/ the child inside of me is happy but this grown mf is like damn here we go with this shit. New Supernatural episode tonight!  #JensenAckels &lt;3 Glad you're good.  Are you doing anything fun this weekend? xx RT  Can't wait for the album, let alone the fricking TOUR!!!! :D #WeNeedBelieveTour #Twerk #AbWork  listen to it please and thank u maam yhh there cute to look at  haha RT   Good FOLLOWED old news now :P I'm so sad I have no A5 devices and I wanna try it!! My mate has used it tho and it works:P weeks, it's not easy to kickass good man  roullete? Naw I'm havin no crack here, just doin it outta the kindness of my heart ;) ahaaa :P La Soundtrack du film "Ip Man 2" est juste magnifique ! OFJSJDKEM WATCHING A MOVIE AND THEY SAID 'whats the craic' and they  sound like niall!! #KillingBono  xx yeah! Wonder if they ever found him a girlfriend? :p Good skype session with   x U Still Alive?! :P I looooooove my Cookie Crisp Upon all the ponding we did to eachother! Ooh! And i'm still wet. #smh :D I was with your man earlier  lol recovery from last night is a success haha ok np hope u've got something nice to eat :-) but anyway maybe we'll speak each other later then and otherwise: Goodnight! Xxx Haha nan moi j'attend des chiffres et des litres :-) The Whisky Water Trick!  

#vimeo #video My 3,002 tweet since I missed my 3,000, It may not sound big, But it's a landmark for me :D Dedicated to my followers i followed them follow me back ? :D #ShowerFlow! toy story 4 is scheduled for 2015! Excited?  x Hey everybody! Im back and well rested of course I wish i could do that  RT  im going straight home to sleep then imma wakw up & be w. my girls :D Hey everyone Happy SPN Friday I'm a new admin  *Sarika* Me  and   drove all the way by bchs just to get supreme beam My day gets 100x better when I have chipotle for lunch :D Good afternoon  RT  GoodEvening people 😊❤ Hey thanks for following i want myHUSBAND to change myLast name , myAddress &nd myPerspective on other niggas Aww shaat, coaching mr macintosh's kid at south #sweeet he knows me i wanna go :p take me enrique vicenteno think I'm grave and statelyThanks  #ff to you too! You too! :D Smoothiee hehehe yeah whatevs! :D RT  The boys will be going to America, Sweden and Germany in the next few months :DD your loss.. I'm crazy about what he does out there on that court.We all have our flaws,I choose not to focus on his With   :-) your icon is extremely cute! My best friend loves u by the way :D a reply would make her day !!! Bwahahaha... yeah. Fake ticker: Ants are probing Grizzly attack on nest. :D hahaa rudee Whitworth!! :P love you too So my madre tells me that we only have to keep my car running until she gets a different one & then ill be able to use her fusion :D :D i feel like devonte used to have some buuuut idrk lol and that's fine by me thank you! You also Aha yea we really need to! Uhm, idk about texting cos my brothers gonna get angry then. So give me your msn. I'll add you follow and follback  #PromotedAcc #leonalewisNashville #GlassHeartIsComing with Honky Tonk music by lovely Leona!  x Welcome new followers I LOVE good news!!! But who doesn't? my day is going awesome after all lmfao I enjoy arguing RT   Good Mornin!! :-) ahaha well then u have to search someone else :P Thanks for the #FF on my  account! Sunday Kind Of Love, W.O.M.A.N., and Tell Mama  I loved her Yes. All my Fenix Rising Map Pack Gameplays are in the Alpha/Execution playlist not KOTH...got more XP playin Execution :-) obviously so, you being honorary Welsh and all that If you want a follow back, tell me Gilbert hey! followed  x put all ya friends on tha song for me RT  Happy Birthday  , Love U Krissy !! Oh' hello 2:30 pm we meet again ....#naptime ... have i said i hate getting up at 5:00 am?  :-) I shall don't worry :P i'm making some progress :D haapppy bday buw  wishes you all the best looking through my senior packet I feel like cussing somebody out then go to chipotle lol i know. I'm just teasing. Yeah talk about building the suspense! Ben's at 5/half 5?  xx u make me larffff di huna myn neud sens dol, ath yr un geshi lawr yn dda do... A rili peint neshi ddeud dim peintsss I know, it's one of those things I've been pushing off. So embarrassed. I will do so this weekend & report back. can we have his nationality? Aw! Thats cool  Have fun! I'm watching TV "  Gorgeous Sis &lt;3.&lt;3" thank yuu Sometimes we ask ourselves what could happen to vote this kind of laws  Check out the 8 Weirdest traffic laws. ... Dont feel so bad then ... Jammies on it is :-) that's awesome It sure will if you are in it  : ) Pleased the weekend is here and looking forward to three days off :-) RT  something people say a lot.. but you should never forget: #PracticeMakesPerfect (: going over some new stuff for you guys! Love you YES. ONLY THING THAT COULD MAKE IT BETTER? IF A BRAVE PUPPY RAN INTO CONGRESS AND ATE THE BILL IN PROTEST! :D ill be there  sit with me?! Happy #FF Dr. Harvey - Thank you kindly 4 the mention. 
Woof! good luck selena, I love you so much *taNduaY (timpla) + redHorSe + rEd wIne + taNduay liwAt + sOftdRinKs + buRger = ???????

hahahha....i ReaLly had FuN thIs nYt!
:D lmfao i will  but ye i fckn missd her so i was all excited when she called Nothing much watching Eastenders & CBB later you? RT  ` *2:21 #BirthdayTweet #TeamPisces : ) Now is 2:22AM  I'm still not sleepy #mySUPERWISH : I wanna have a BB9900 from GLOBE   !  60 Pls pls pls Follow meeee!!  xxxxxx since you're not that busy at the moment , i think you should like...tweet fans Giros that tag their boyfriends on theif twitter bio #nice I finally got through!! RT  RT for a shout out  if you'd like a few more followers  RETWEET Happy Birthday to  Have a great day I just emailed u lool sidy boozich .. Nafs alwanich elii madri shloon 9ayra :p My mom stays texting me stuff that is to personal but I love her I'm not greedy it's my belly that is.. okay,don't tweet anything,don't want tweet limit. :D  True Today's my birthday #nw The Help evonne zimmerebner think I'm actual and immediate sponge bob square head interesting. o: music. :D the coolest friend at the coolest photography company. Thanks for sorting out my new tripod, g-drive and light stands mate :-) thanks! I am following u aww thank you Nothing like a good old KLIPDRIF and a lil coke :D  &lt;3 I love youuuu toooo!! ouuu my baby is the BEST Gracias Ahh finally time for a fucking cigarette :D just a trim. nothing fancy. Greetings to Kassandra090 of Chatango... and to all Magtubers at Chatango, happy chat! how about i just watch .. I got something better :D Here we go, Come with me! there's a world out there that we should see! take my hand, close your eyes!  #Rocketeer ♥ You're sloppy seconds were verry pleasing actuallly  #sorrynotsorry playlist on.  #eargasm talk to  about his  campaign if you haven't already Walk  its Friday so lots of Ajar Inshallah &lt;3 Ty! RT   Now following back :-) you girls are funny :D RT “  when  was blasting some greeeseee &gt;&gt;&gt; that shit was funny ” #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK RT   nf  &lt;3 follow bck ? hoping to have something to you by end of the day :-)  Thanks again for the call on Tuesday :-)Sitting by the best Chinese everrr. Wenhua Chen BOOOOOOOOO *thumbsdown lol RT   He asked my sign, I said a SCORP =)”I said SAG lol :-) Hellooooo  RT  s/o my newest follower I just want to thank  for making us #BELIEVE that dreams do come true....
Follow me pls, to make my dream come true 
4 We should actually be F(uck) Buddies :-) “ #FF BM buddies OMF! IT WORKS! :D if it ain't rainin it ain't trainin is super cooool :D Memories in ma mind , reminicing of all tha good times Happy Friday Paul RT  I want sexy Samoan to seranade me everyday thank you for introducing me to these beautiful things on my legs Agreed :D Let's save  #savenicola Tonight might be a good night for me Thank you for inspiring us kidrauhl  You taught us to believe & never say never. We love you so much for that. ♥ Me when I was a juicy baby Aww my mom sent me a birthday box Me And  Was On FaceTime. Funniest Thing Ever! Less spokes. More aero. :-)
I have very pretty Campag wheels with nice spoke patterns. you are welcome and thank you too :-) Folk still actually still Prankie? Hahaha bad times I'll prove to you lol.. Don't worry. There's no rush Few more weeks and I can enjoy some Teen wolf marathon when I'm sick hahah RT  I'm really liking this no school thing. Especially knowing I don't have to make it up #ClassOfDoomsDay #ff :  / that my bitch & I love her about ur Beliebers, ur life, our #BelieberFamily ♥U know that whatever u do we'll support u :')♥ Cant wait for #Believe :D 208 RT   omg it's sooooooo good :D :D :D hahha you described me perfectly since I think I'd do that   it was just AMAZING   xxxxx RT  ♥NEWBIES: FOLLOW ME Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl you're amazing Hello :D Mom taking me out to eat Mesrine: Killer Instinct (2008): You and the fella MUST watch this!  #IMDb :-) xx Sex,shower,food and repeat I drove all night to get to you? Worth the wait?! Yay My MAIN  is  Going To Visit Me Today :D &lt;3 I love you too! #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[Future Mogul] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK we just in the theatre now! :-) excited!! Xxx Awww that is very sweet of you Tony ready for the weekend??  &lt;3 i work on it a lot during lunch... i try when at home and usually fail ... take your time i add to it daily Just a bit haha  how'd you do on your midterms? arlean goodsite think I'm 59. Campaigned Mac Miller for #little5? Yesssss, please bitches is crazy man you know that lol and soon I hope buy it from me!! thanks a lot for the nice #ff :-) I will!! :D yea I no that but yea :D xo nice seeing you too RT  RT if you know who Dbelt and Ranel are.   (true rushers know this one)  :D Yeah good thnks ..just happy its the WEEKEND  ..where u now anyway ..LondoN ? My pleasure! I saw your breastfeeding video and was hooked. ahha thank-you  Of course! I always carry on yeasterday's conversation....! It's a habit of mine! :P yeeeep  and hey, i have a week vacation before start new semester! yaaaayyy xD Freakout. Rupert Grint is in Ed's new video again - for like 2 seconds :D RT   I can't stop retweeting youu !  x Everybody wants u to be their Twitter Mama, I'd like u to be my Twitter big sista :D It sounds younger #lol coming to see you soon! RT   nice Aaaaaayyyyeeeee there goes my bby could you follow me back please?  x Exactly!! not sure I wanna learrn but I'll watch :P i was totally talking about christy girl, but them too. hahahahaha make her run laps Aweeee Im The Best Lil Sister Ever : ) please, even if you are not in canada #isf_family means helping everyone love you kellz thanks  so what sport you best at ?  X Every time I nurse E these days, he is so preoccupied with ripping farts at the same time! Strains and squirms until he toots it out :P #FF Just RT   Haha! Circus here we come!!! "what does an elephant say?  Umm, Moo." follow back your welcome hun  xx Thanks for the RT  Happy #FF Last class got cancled cause of the snow. out & about i aint babes dw  lmao shes gunna start on me now... shes gunna regret it! lmao Done with work 4 hours early, I'm a happy person In front of my TV watching it happen! South Africa was inspired that day but you don't ask me everyday cause you woulda asked today 4 o'clock dude :-) RT  Look how cute my baby is Resmen usendigimiz icin havuza gitmedik :D haha i would think the same :P i love your music  .. it would be a if you follow Me , lls ' dalyle said bae my house smell like you . i said how i smell ? , he said like shampooh * dfl . ijstgota love'em : ) After a hurricane comes a rainbow. There i see one finally can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . hot as hell but your quite depressing! :D it's the weekend! Go enjoy it! RT? hey this is very true :p sounds promising tho!!!!! Keep me posted ;) also I want pictures! Kk thanks Happy Birthday Sweetie!!! Hope you have the best day ever!  Xoxoxo &lt;3 RT  Done! RT   do ff back You we got all quiet just to hear RT  you girls are funny :D RT "  when  was blasting so okeee RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first Telll Your Brother To Get His Cast To Dubai For One Day? :P All This After Boards Please xD #favour xPhmm maybe she's crazy :p " #MentionTo your friend who always has a lot of crazy ideas." lyndia comar think I'm beaten down " Its a great daaay to be alive. The suns still shinning when I close my eyes.  prettttyy ally Das 1 Dollar Hemd!    via Haha nee idk either hahahah....what u want thou il buy it now wrap it up and give it to u on ur bday  or xmas lmao... jkk RT   now is session, who's wiv me : ) I'll send you over some comforting soup  xxxxxxx TGIF RT   sorry i took so long. FOLLOWED. Mmmmm I love massages  body feels so relaxed - Yoo that pasty was reckless xD
 &lt;3 Dominiquee YEY!!! My favorite bed at the tanning salon is finally fixed :D i love new bulbs lol RT  will revise a bit of Biol, then lose herself in a good novel! Really needs a bit of time to herself Who let Mom and I in a supply store alone? Yah my mom came to gt me from school RT  finally finished! Thanks for all akuntansi 47 Follower Cleaning Frenzy! If you're still here, I like you. thx  I followed u too ) xx Naw Not Really Lol ahahaha :D what's yours?  xxx Hey! So wen i fell down the stairs i got a concussion! :P no funn YESSING &lt;3 with  and lol  call me when you're home My Shit Bouta Be Fresh When I Get Out The Shower, Ctfu . Lets See If My Fellow Followers Gon Be Hip  Lls, Thanks for the #ff Have a good weekend Paul  x learn it pls, my brand new obsession is thai, chinese and japanese kitchen, korean would work too Go follow  yeah? just thought I'd give you a nice little shout out to try and get you back to 300 followers :P nun much...i wuz jst missin u“ Wats wrng hon? RT  yomi :(“Yom_mie: Well erm thanks  RT  ur boi's doin fine Got it back actually. PORN money rules bby :-) RT  "SOPA Is Dead" FUCKING YES! FUCK YOU SOPA :D DO YOU REALLY WANT SOME? RT   bring me some very glad to have you on board :D Me encanta, los tweets de That would be me :D RT   hipocondramatic Queen Follow me cuz I do follow you all back!!! I did a French test and got 30points (full marks) that's true Catch  set on   show to catch some new  tracks!  it #trancefamily RT      Hey like YMAS? follow my band  we follow back  pls RT What time? :D no problem baby  ♥♥♥ We all need a quiet one once in a while :-) Managed to track down the stolen camera gear? thank you! Can't wait to try these new veg burgers ah thank youu  xxx Coucou Marving!Sa va?  ( live on tobias almajhoub think I'm detested Get your #AssBack to London  my ticket is still sitting here :D That's funny!! :D Today is gonna be a good day wenever dars nothin else n tele :P haha Yeah, I'm totally in for this !!
Just tell me what you need Added you  x Wipes drewl!!!! RT  ohwell You're wrong, my friend. I passed. :P RT  #Fail :P “ This is a Test.” ohh thats watsup PROMO number 4  - iwantnialler when-you-leave-its-gone-again onedirectionsavedmylife meandmyukelele... The notorious briana faulk just sang oh my god. I am changed #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK i want to break tables And have a laugh Tweet me "Beliebers are the best", in your language  I'll RT it I realised I never answered your tweet the other dayy!! I use stinging nettle soap!  xx My aunt saw me & said she liked my button uhp ^.^ :D Look for those Sooo Sexy and Sophisticated ladies of Mu Sigma Upsilon tonight. We'll be at the  and  probates RT  RT if you know who Dbelt and Ranel are.   (true rushers know this one)  :D Vote for One Direction please? They're up against Justin Bieber and they need to win.  www.newmusiclive.ca !!! RT  Naw I just happened to catch you at the right moment. But gon head n cook for twitter  text me when you done... yayy! (: besties 4 lyfe :P hahaha. Ya guys got big plans for the weekend?? You are very welcome Sunil! Have a great weekend :-) if your still looking for a gf you know where I am lol :p I have chips, bread, chocolate chip cookies and coffee.....all is good so far  (@ Shoples HQ) 2O15 will be a year to remember Got over 100 new followers today  Hi to you all! *waves* x RT   ello  &lt;&lt; hello there ha. Well, then, by this logic, the Leafs will be winning the cup this year! Perfect. smooth and clean. Nice look :-) ok sounds good :-) RT   all done, finished. We Smile For Justin gary nevil what a twat s / o to my new follower  ! :D Wow! Looks like Charlottesville has a winner! Can't wait to see more! RT  :D RT  #TeamGiomatti my Justin Bieber Pray Cover is now showing up beside JUSTIN BIEBER VIDEOS! marlene think I'm awakened RT  Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl! We love you so much! I love my best friend oh so much&lt;3 she's so cute :D oh yeah! what do you think about this video?  Tweet me pleasee... was lovely seeing you last night. I want to hear all about your new project. Coffee or tap class soon? A great Goodwill find Well i'm hoping all goes well! I've been looking for something interesting to listen to :P x I love you.  I'm trying to get it to fade! What just made my day is seeing an old couple hold hands  True Love. people i am go see later kisses :D #FF       cause they kick ass :D GOOD LUCKK!!! FOR TOMO AND ALSO TELL YOUR MUM THANKS FOR THE LIFT HOME XXX I love my TWITCON4 day weekend filled with birthday celebrations!!!! :-) #winning viendo videos en youtube don't worry! Thats a good thing! Have a shower in the morning and the guide colour will wash off  xxx #youwilllookunreal today's Fitspo Friday Feature is Glenneth Reed a/k/a Nice getting back into staying in, detox for a while will do me good. heyyyy I dey game! Shey just hala me na date n place. I am dere :D *nods* I'll be VERY careful! I have my BFF  (I forced her to take my other account) with me too so :P yh... whats the best spots in Liverpool for a weekend in feb? Girlies weekend away...  x Followed  & now follow me back ) loool exactlyy!! Ill buy like red diamonds or pink :D haha Long ass bus ride, someone keep me entertained RT   My friend :D virgil villnave think I'm harassed My bby gone beast , that's every game #nf RT  Play it at ur wedding Thank you my dear :-) what are you wearing tommorrow? Today seems like a beautiful day  out and about with the wife'izzle. fun fun  how u been That Florida life must be great RT  On my lunch break Never Been On The Train . Im Ready To #Network I find out 315 #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin Bullet For My Penguin :D willodean think I'm complaisance and readiness thank you soo much for telling me! I will be deffo watching that!  x on my way to a girls night out. party time! :-) :p &lt;-- the face! Ur rich already lol RT   I dooooo Whatsuupp?* Ma phone is not back! #keepThatInmind :p haha* Y'good?  RT   theLama!!!! follow back hun?  #heartbeatfamily xxx So excited! The seller of the short sale house we're hoping to buy has accepted our offer. Next up, their bank! RT  My hair's cute All of this is not by chance half day for me Back to the college life i can attempt to shove some through the computer screen for you if you'd like? :D RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! agnes klopfenstein think I'm differences and disputes ⊰⊱╔╗╔╗╦─╦─╔╗╦─╦─╔╗╔╗╔╦╗╦═╗╔═╗╦─╦⊰⊱ ⊰⊱╠─║║║─║─║║║║║─╠─║╝─║─║─║╠═╣╚╦╝⊰⊱ ⊰⊱╩─╚╝╚═╚═╚╝╚╩╝─╩─╝╩╚╩╝╩═╝╩─╩─╩─⊰⊱ 
   :-) Tack, I guess! :D I stole my friends phone and found these #xxx #porn #sexy #pussy shots xD :P  #U8 I know! Ours makes me all happy inside :P Awee nice to meet you :D RT  Follow me cuz I do follow you all back!!! First meeting of the semester for the IRR right now.. super excited and ready to start the semester! :D lol awwwwww  thats soo cute...icant believe gonna be one thats crazyy time be flying Merci for the mention LOVE IT. My family is multi-ethnic, too.  You're wonderful! We love Abney and Teal here - there's something of 70s children's telly about it :-) s/o to my #nf lol thanks Hi  :-) :-) RT  i CANNOT WAIT to plan this trip to Gainesville then Tally! ^_^ I don't know what you're talking about :P you're welcome Bangin :-)  is my lil white girl bitch!! Her lil ass be ON! lol 2nd April  We could always do Sunday for a drink! (This or next). Going to see a play next Sat, I'm never usually this busy! RT    I'm very glad to be on your awesome website with so many talented photogrpahers is engaged :D so happy for you cher &lt;3 I'm very offended.  and  don't like Temple Run. Smh. #shameshame. :P Boutta get my nails done  fuck allll that bullshit ur on... lol  and maybe But probably not! For sure tomorrow thou all day (: RT   love that icon #NYK eyebrow piercing?! Yeigh or neigh :-) iLovee You today  & ima hate You tomorrow RT   TKT :D Vivaaaaa PORTUGAL && DADDY YANKEE &lt;3 "It's not about weathering the storm but learning to dance in the rain " seems appropriate right about now  Happy Friday!! :-)   &lt;3 yesss I love it! best Thursday ever The little things always make me smile  today has been a much better day compared to the week i can't wait to go on vacation with my daddy and my sister(s)   dominican here we comeeeeeee :D it be like that...u got 2 more hrs tho :p Can't wait to be #jetsetting in a week!  Getting out of this cold weather and #snow is EXACTLY what I want and need Yes Andy does rock, he's top shelf :-) Alll meeee :-) :-) :-)  SXCNESS good idea hey, hope you're well and 2012 going good so far  xx Look at your profile picture if it seems depressing,
Change it by another delightful one~ 

It will change alot... Ultra Hilarious || Indian media reports on Pakistan's Victory :D :P | My Blog | VideofyMe  via WHO'S GOING TO WATCH MY TWITCAM? :D I know I would win. aww yayay! Well done charles! :D xx Looks like I'll be studying abroad for a month this summer before graduation! aww, thank you! : ) Me and Ashley in reading class lmfao so fun :P today she answered a few fans, sorry that did not answer me .. but never give up   will follow me :'') Hm... The Kite Runner was rreeaalllllyy good! I recommend it.  Aw! RT  Really chuffed! Just had an ace call from an over excited  about the new songs, good to hear your voice dude cool  sounds great!!  xx you're welcome.  and the hard but worth it part was that quitting is hard I wrote it in a way that is misunderstood. Sorry About to get my little nap in , like always Woop! That's the spirit :D RT  Having a Follow Spree  Following ALL of  Followers now &lt;== RETWEET this! Hey like YMAS? follow my band  we follow back  pls RT omg seriously?! That's soo cool :D it is  very good... although, not sure if i love it or hate it :-) see what i did there :-) yeah true I suppose & good, quite jealous tbh! I've been thinking about going too, I've recently got properly into it! haha. Hope they aren't too expensive :-) #NFLUK Haha, thanks. :-) What's the time in Egypt right now btw?I think ima try something #tragic  hmm ; oan very #hungry right now I could use that bacon SHELLEY talm bout LoL Only for Customers.  RT    there is No Such Thing as Too Much Discount! Lol - thanks for the love! RT  Anybody want to work my shift for me today it's from 5-9 so only 4 hours & you get a FREE meal  --- BOL I like your loud bursts of laughter haha it's okay H3rh Allan will pay! :P can I rock it wiv u wen irve finished uni ;) u go over there first and get us a place then orl cum :P xo wanna follow me? i will follw back!! :D :D The makings of my new inspiration wall... yes, I was standing on that tiny pink chair to pin things. Just got home. Now time to relax. :-) but if any extra cholesterol were needed, this bacon frosting could always be added RT  #FollowFriday         (via ur still loved tho or maybe UK will win this year :-) but i still hope for romania's first win :d yeah same here  i heard that logan is fluent in 8 languages!! thank you : ) #FF  for epic tunes :p Liam I think 'Believe Tour To The World' should trend. Everyone deserves to see Justin off to seeing LeeMacDougall at Mau Club Rostock. btw I'm nearly drunk :D haha ... ur a faggot for sending what do u want for dinner as ur first tweet 2 me lol chinese plz :P xxx Ah. Yeah  It's great. Miss people at home sometimes though. I'm only 3 hours away, so it's not really far to go home. I would love to come see you if I could Follow Back you already are #ThingsICantStand SOPA!  SOPA Is Dead :D Now Following Can't wait for  gig in Kilkenny tomorrow with   hope ye play #sunnydays Can't wait to hang tonight with What is this amateur hour? :P ;) hahahahahah, gotta love this guy waiting on  stuart coming down just heard about a woman trapped in an elevator giving birth, so that babies elevator luck trumps yours Bring me some gummy bears from the store ! :-) RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! how were Yahoo involved in killing #SOPA? Yes got my money back Victorious :D always sends me the sweetest 'iloveyou' texts outta no where  #Gottalovehim &lt;333 More color contacts came in - really excited about one particular pair. Will probably wear them tomorrow. Have gray eyes today.  :-) omg omg omg omg. hot tub in the snow ah thank you sir! hope you have a good weekend! :-) I'm free :D stupid Friday class!! yes ma'am!  I'll show you my new toy later today if you're not busy... We have quite a few engagements in our restaurant! We can have Lover's Lane booths, too!  #TheMeltingPot Tdo bem amr  Hey vc mora aonde? achso :D College today. Then hanging with myca thanks for asking Imyt, I hope everythings good with you :-) Thank you God for getting us though exam week... May this long weekend be a relaxed and restful one Good  That's all I ask.  #seethesexiness hakearam meeo mns :/ novo : joicy_gabriela
orkut:joicy-gabriela 
add la me neither buddy :p xx Thank you Papa YG for all the focus on Big Bang this year! #BIGBANG #YGFAMILY Big Show tickets on my birthmas! :D Wow - I am shocked!  That would be a very nice trend   Love you!! then get off :p :p “ This bus is hella crowded” These are our newbies! Show them love babies! FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW. Now on to my most loyal followers ;) was he pleased with your uni reply? :P gurl check this video   #HappyBirthdayVickyT :p I love you meyyasehh #ThingsICantStand when someone wake me up from my ''beauty sleep'' :D thank you!!! please post tonight :p xxxx yaay its no time!! :P explain it better and i may be able to ;) you would  I'm not going to pe lol :D No ball from Parnell means no wicket :( but it's okay   I'll make allowances haha yeah :D my room has a stone wall lol Just got back from CVS N Target n did some major #couponing damage. Feels so great when the total cuts down to beyond 50% off.  woot! RT  The boys will be going to America, Sweden and Germany in the next few months Can't wait  RT  #IgniteAVL is coming to town on February 21st!  - blog post by I have my money yes :D I'm not sure, I will ask her, she needs twitter. And no do you ?  xxxxxxxxxxxx sure  LOVE your icon, btw *-* a wee break from a lot of studying, think i deserve it Look what I've got,  :-) RT  Hey Verona! Are y'all ready for a show?!!!! Muh-muh-muh-MY VERONA haha! I'm such a nerd but it cracks me up Fr. John (Slovikovski) is such a character! Afternoon classes have never been this much fun. how about giving away the seat next to Harry Vermeegen in your box  :-) Lol I'm sorry I tweet about this so much but I'm just so freaking happy about it! Hope you understand Here is the 5. pic Go quess it. ILOVEYOU! Remember Seeing Me In Sheffield? I Showed You My Tattoo :-) Loveyou xx I love chocolate covered bananas! #mmmgood hai you.... :D 17- You're so beautiful and have the best personality! So glad I got to know you :-) #cringeytweet X RT  I don't really talk dirty to be dirty. It's just a way of communication. Some people are just born cussers. Thanks! Ah, that moment when my train rolls under Medway Bridge and the bright lights of Rochester appear, and I know I'm nearly home  #nightin buying my  tickets!!! ahhhh im sooo excited! :D March 11 please hurry Wow! That's so awesome! ) I've seriously never seen someone as motivated as you, you're a real dream chaser, way to go! ive had bwyd and im making progress on work right now time for sleepy byes by the sounds of it :D &lt;3   I know I misss you :p next time you'll get one #promise 2:27 #BirthdayTweet BckWards yes I did and it was HEAVEN!!!! Thank you sooo much :D my mum aint saw hers yet I think she'll get it tomorrow ;) xx #FF  You are my numba one! And I really wanna see you in Stockholm February 5 :D !ATEEEEEEEEEEE O FIM Inhaling, Exhaling, Feeling Very Goood : ) RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! Hello, tx for the fllw ℓ☺ℓ kk RT  Lmao.. :x RT  ​​ℓ☺ℓ she don show abi? RT DaRealDanjuma: Na Sleep Sure Pass :p thanks sarah! hahahha yea fasho :p & thanks! Cheer up!!  ♥ RT  Bad mood ;( please give me back mention :D I would never attempt an Etta James song... especially now. But I thank you for thinking I could. Happy birthday  wishing you a great weekend follow back?  x Can I call you now?  xx follow usssssss? If you see us  do you see us? Music at the big 5 bumped into number one son today in Dundee : ) Merci! RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! Hugo Boss Green rules! شررربت حليبتي :p ولن أتكلم إلا بوجود محاميتي thanks LMAOOO!!! Awwhh Lizzy I miss you so much &lt;3 and I will Followed RT  Out of all people it never fails all girls are the same & that's why they all get treated the same....#liesontwitter :p aahahah thankyouuu  x i have entered "grace mercy west hospital" and im totally geeking out right now!! RT   I'd come if I lived in the US haha :p :'( well we need to party soon.... And get Cori to join have a good one :-) x aw good luck hunnie x ur win will come soon - hope its a biggie for you too :D x How does Telecommuting sound to you? well I haven't been able to get a halo shirt yet so Mario will have to do : ) thank you Can Do you follow me..?? If not can I get a follow back..!! : ) sure thing doll RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! followback #UniaoDotwitterSegueEuSigoDeVolta #TeamFollowBack #TeamFollow2Gain #iFollowAll . MUST ASK FOR A FB  *11 haha aww thanks making me feel better about myself today It was taken last night 1st place!!! Going to Nationals in North Caroline :D RT  I really want some chipotle. I'll go if someone goes with me  ...nahh, I shouldn't. in corona im closer to Pomona and minutes to Covina change it to MrsColeman lol! Congrats btw  upload pics!! I feel very productive today got a step closer w my medical care just waiting till next month & then job hunting can't wait #determined its Amandam and ur sweetie? People always tell me that I act like Idgf. But really, its not my fault. I've always been this way. #Sagittarious &lt;3 Haha..the girl is me..& no, I haven't posted Part 4 yet. Stay tuned How to be followed by me: 1) RT this tweet 2) Follow  3) Tweet me if you did Headed to the airport... Look out  and  here I come! alvin think I'm agility and briskness hehe thanks :D It's Friday, Friday  :D nell rickabaugh think I'm reconciliation and peace Lol yeah yeah yeah ahaha but i got you bruhh bruhh   *finds phone to call hot stuff* arletta zetina think I'm alive Preparing my set for tonight at Gold&Platinum ! I feel like a cook ! I wanna chill with the kidd tonight uu welcome. Haha we tweeting each other and we are sitting beside each other.. literally  real niggas all day lol heyyyyyyy sweet thang Anonymous asked: you are so pretty Read this tweet ---&gt; Me &  's Bootleg Chalkboard in the house lol. its my turn to leave a note Stagg knows whats up RT   you and Sharlene are so adorable. better come see me!!! Hey like YMAS? follow my band  we follow back  pls RT Glad you enjoyed the discussion this afternoon. Thanks for participating see well! I always got you! RT   is definately sum1 i can count on.. RT  Rihanna Looks Good In This You The One Video' Thank you! Had I known better that it's so exciting, I would've joined earlier :p RT  Welcome to ... Just want  to see how excited I am! :P #tweetcrazyday Pay Day  ! Might get out early. thanks to all "116" you all made my birthday even more special . Woooooo hooooooo who cares?? RT  1 more follower till 500! :D #nufc hey :D can you just retweet #SloveniaLoves1D and help slovenian directioners?  x watching my favourite ER episode 'I Dont'.... where Luka and Abby get married just sayinnn  you can't even see the shoes, just your belly aha adorable dn exw piei pote mono rokomelo :p egw eimai ths mpurasss Friday night and I'm off work. Yayy That one person on your bb that you don't reply to, until like 5hours after... Kaiii.. I feel bad sha. But ah well. Such is life.. RT  interested in entertainment PR? check out  upcoming conference: see you at 5 1012 #followers let's go for more :D bless you all take care  brittany youre so pretty!!!  gawgous! Just gawgous! Love you! I'm not even gonna watch that lol. I'm 99% sure I wanna do it, I don't want anything scaring me away :P this vid never gets old lol :P what the hell it's really annoying lolz tweet me if u see me just brought a #MiGi tee x hey gaby. :D New York ! :D This weeks makeup look Bytchez love smiley faces I seem to attract south indians :-) :-)  ths friend says, you have such great expressions when you talk :-) :-) :-) EEk!!!! Now this is some exciting newsHahaha! Actually I do. :P Chill man... SOPA's going down! " Woop singing later with  and  &lt;3" was suchh fun!!! Can't wait for next week :D evet ama... :D im coming thru tonight  RT  Getting wasted Tonight X_X lol got a vague idea at the minute pal fast and flowing few sharp climbs 1 set of herdals. I'm setting it out any requests? :p RT  I was playing and singing "Feel it sohniye" by  Out LOUD!! Want everyone to know its an amazing song ♥ :D ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Friiiiiiiiday!! Wine and curry with good friends! :-) #happydays who do u think u r a super S.T.A.R ? i'm here to crash ur party :P in da library chilln wit   nd my otha friend Done  RT   nw ff pls do ff bak I feel u on that there will be other times doe please tweet me dappy?:D would mean so much :D xx Yay, I found a girl to do my hair in SB, wanna follow me? i will follw back!! :D :D I think  you're right :( Why'd it take me so long to notice D: D: :D and me! :D thank you  x lol mamon! Mom said hi by the way. : ) say hey i love you :D Hah I meant I said it once, not to any one. Justt had the thought when it came to the true fans of Gaga. :-) Sorry. Watching the football #BayernMunich Hope They Win  #Chilled you have no idea how jealous I am. You guys are my favorite  hope you're swell!!! Beer o'clock aww for real  well I like it the video is cute #FF to  : Hey Girls !! :D youu Pretty !! be cute :D #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin Penguin Direction :D RT  RT for a part in my fanfic....its to do with harry, will DM you what it is if you are interested Try OPAS instead of MyUS, you can shop in the US tax-free. :D Just? Pchh... much more than that!   were constantly tweeting to each other from seperate rooms within the same house! Time to sleep hoaamm lnjt bsk download video clipnyah :D bye tweeps Gnight Got me a victim! yesssssss we really should :-) For the whole evening I went out with my parents. Had so much fun listening to 70's and 80's music! :D RT   Oh,I saw! Ne-Yo followed you! VONI IS THE LUCKIEST GIRL OF TODAY! congratulations! :D :D Baha.♥♥♥ "Friday" was playing on the school's announcements so my friends and I broke out singing  "Tuesday"! It's a much better version Hopefully i'm gonna be having a Hip Hop website soon. If all goes right, and to plan i will have a Hip Hop site up! :D Good friday! Gonna have 4 subs today! Hahah thanks  and it nathans_nose x your welcome #FF to  Because he made my day awesome, by tweeting me this morning. Now that's SOPA's dead, just stick around on Twitter, ok? :D good luck yes your bad! Yeah good lad! Haa yeahh :P you fucking know!! -.- hahaa okk jackie (y) you have to say I don't believe in love ,you have to unbelieve in love S/O to the fact I woke up and went to my French class. you should be :p RT  Texting the same person all day and all night, & never getting tired of it, because you like them THAT much. Wow, love it  “ Here is the centre piece for the London show £3,750 and worth every penny #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin One Penguin,The Penguin Reckless.. now we are going viral :-) Blizzard warnings in Chicago, fuckk yeaa! 9inches of snow, hopefully it comes to Detroit EL parcebook es makia RT  got damn my ex man is a dumbass Feeling refreshed. And sore. Thanks   #lovethegym Never thought a piece of paper would fix my phone! :D Thank you for the fun interview, Piero! I hope tonight goes fantastically well, the Irish will ADORE you :D viva Il Volo! had a nice meal at wetherspoons with some of the old bankers she's coming to sweden too? :O :D Put meh in your Bio nd I'll love you forever !!  
&lt;33 #promise lol. I got u.. He come back monday. So I will write down all my ideas. Then slap him with the game plan. RT  RT for a shoutout? acha, well im from Edinburgh :-) ken what i mean jimmy lol About US - Your BELIEBERS!! #JustinLovesHisBeliebers - We ALL know  5 ohh okay  x that's why i didn't go First Ever Tweet on here! :D HELLO TWITTER!! LOL!!! Mum said when we went to Malta you were always nicking my fizzy drinks  xx Laundry, dishes, insanity, and got the hair did = my day off. :-) #ThingsICantStand Seeing your face Well we're sorted. No money for drank, but I def got some food I'mma whip up and wow ya with RT  lol true on that  well kisses mean different things now. But I like your definition an I seeing u tonight?!!! Shovakar uz veelo seansinju "Girl with Dragoon Tattoo"  Nice! Happy birthday  Wish u all the bestt! GBUA :D How can you remain so positive? ;o Ahah, and think we should do our wee idea tonight! :p xxxx Hi there! I'm back! :D Yo I'm craving a mickey ear ice cream, HEY CAN YOU PLEASE GO FOLLOW  SHE FOLLOWS BACK Merge head ,haha Are you going to France ? RT  The boys will be going to America, Sweden and Germany in the next few months me and  have the same birthday art think I'm heaviness and weariness oh my god, look at all that cuteness. Absolutely gorgeous :-) i just remembered it saying its out in january, and since its nearly the end i checked the date of release, and it said the 23rd :D mya next time mention me in the tweet :p 2:28 SOPA Is Dead WHOO :D you are my 333 tweet.... 1/2 way to your lucky number, Mr. Evil! #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK True Fashion No Lables: Dollar Day!!!  - x9chick: Oh it sure was!! I loved it!  aww thank you  how are you after last night, head ok? Haha RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! In my streak so far it's been anything from 3 miles up to a 50 mile race Follow me please? Thankssss! &lt;3 , it looks amazing just like your avi RT   Thanks :D I love youYou're welcome. Have a great weekend. :-) follow back please?  xo RT  Rules for texting a girl: 1) Don't take 40 minutes to reply. 2) Use good grammar. 3) Ask questions. 4) Use the  face happy birthday FollowBack yesssss boo you know it was really good thank you, but its so hard to call like idk aha, thanks tho :p thank you! join the party My backgrounds #FAME 
In not even in the shit ahahah you're silly  and idk, we need to figure this out, like yesterday! Hahah what's your schedule looking like? Who's coming to the offenbach concert tomorrow ??? so excited :D Tis short day today at work  tgif! or be nice and give them to me .... early birthday gift you should text me : ) HI GORGEOUS GIRLS!!!! I just saw this. (SLOW) yes we need to reunite now.. I am all for it I brought you some and you didn't come! I'm giving  your piece on monday :p RT  #ThingsICantStand Seeing your face i could be the young thing and you could become my king . “ Happy Friday tweeps!! It is Friday, right?” I sure hope it is because I'm not going in to work tomorrow! no waay, looking it up now! Is this how you get your inspiration for your fab designs  RT Drinking on my Sangria RT  I'M SO FIRETRUCKING EXCITED FOR THE NEW VIDEO. 
I'm wearing this in honor. oh well im glad it did Mornight too classmate thanks!  RT  Beautiful hair!!!! RT  w00t w00t! my #naturalhair is 3 years old today!! RT  RT for a shoutout? My sister brought me some cherry coke flavoured Chapstick today. Now all I'm doing is licking my lips for cherry coke! RT   my sexbomb DF buddy ;D i love you  x Enjoy a great time Ellie, a well deserved break Chick!! Thanks for the RT's today not off top of my head but will let you know if I think of any lolRT  My little sunshine Ariel confronted me with some good news & I'm stoked :D My babe is getting her #SOPA #IS #DEAD is one of my favorite #trending #topics --- Hurray!! :D #bestlife #internetforlife RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! aha well even tho I'm a great cook, I thought I'd just make easy food taking a weekend to connect with my honey, watching some football, Giants & Niners Tatago ko to  Thank youuu! RT  RED TAILS was AMAZING! Go C it ppl. This isnt jus black history..its AMERICAN history! Thx Mr. Lucus 4telling a story that needed 2b told 163075: Fri Jan 20 19:28:51 GMT  Realtime Bitcoin block count. Get started at Pepperoni pizza for tea with the fam :-) #can'tbeatit Follow me please, follow me please Great!! TVD episode and shopping! Yours?? :D They just hating cuz they wont have that memory dont worry bout it just do u :D it isn't over. it's never over. RT  Want me, Niall and Louis to follow you? Just follow   then RT this! :D .x anymore news on the oul shindig?  x Whats up! RT   CUTTZ JUST GRADUATED :D twittou Especially the guys LOL!! is there any special reason for the 95 at the end of your Twitter name? im on it :D just waiting for it to come on OMG!!! im like dieing xoxoxoxox ino bbs nuffin but hastle ain't they! Woohoo iPhone crew  an ok Hun x thank you!   RT   Happy Birthday! Had a great day at the  castings today in Liverpool! I may be a drama queen, but at least my boyfriend tells me I'm a princesssss my #boyfriend #SEXY idk about yours but mines is cuz yu was talkin shit bein a jerk nd yu think I cnt beat yu up :-) Gonna be with  all weekend  #partyitup ahahaha Class cancelled RT  thank god for  aka  just added some amazing additions to my music collection  thank you!!! #ff RT  23913- Taylor Swift and Seddie number! :D hehe, you're incredible. Your tweets are awesome and you are a great Cosmos and McCurds supporter♥ Thank you for following me RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! haha yeah :D damn aint saw #oomf in a minute ! Jersey shore with mommy, ehehe I am. I got the number yeah. Imagine you enter the room and you can't see where it ends and the next day, there's no place to even sit! :P I think  is so perfect for money  she is the sweetest person ever ! mwahhh!!!!!  mwahhh mwahhh mwaahhh u should leave me a drunken voicemail instead My roommates   & I just sent you a virtual hug, hope you feel better :-) RT" I need a hug." Guess whos back back back. Back again gain gain. Tonia's back back back. Tell your friends friends friends :D your welcome  aww that's a shame! :( us #DVfam will keep you informed  xxxx Lmao bahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahaha! omgsh! you are hilarious! :D and you are? jeez, am i boring you? :'( that makes me sad. #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK kindly flw bck hehe  x thats so cool! RT  RT for a shoutout? Lenny says girls are going to like me because I'm easy going... Yes! WOW! falling in love with that pic Eleven is MY doctor. I just love everything about him :D Oh crap.. X_____X I wasn't in so yeaaaaah :P lmao well u can try to get Chris while I try to get her. Works out for both of us  haha coming back tomorrow and celebrating duhhh haha Headen home from school and then Headen to dance Oh well :D Will be rich in a few minutes :D Do you still need help with -http I need to lose weight? Take a look at this - RT  RT for a shoutout :D x I love the song Yeaaah :D RT  haha , of coursee . denise said your inviteed . )) RT  (cont) aww  it was great! I loved it xxx Yels ke... RT  Na me gee am belle na :D  ow u take knw Ro? RT  Cc  ... Follow ---&gt; &lt;--- Her tweets are awesome RT  something people say a lot.. but you should never forget: #PracticeMakesPerfect (: going over some new stuff for you guys! Love youHEY CAN YOU PLEASE GO FOLLOW  SHE FOLLOWS BACK P60k to fix my car or drive it since safe naman pero dyahe sa ingay? ...I choose dyahe sa ingay! :p Let's go, Subass! You're right! Icon or Shoutout? if icon send me your pics (4 max) or tell me of who it should be Time to ball up RT  Hope your on your way over here go follow  #teamkhleo get him to 100,000 before his Birthday!(January 30th) :D Don't blame you, got to love the classics  Some good ones coming out soon can't wait :D do you ever hang out with caitlin anymore? get your ass on twitter please  Believe Tour To Middle East RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! Thanks for RT. RT  Shoutout for shoutout RT :D I'll be home soon, we can party then it's saaaaturday here  LOVE it (: RT  having a nice conversation with we were messing with the sound, like a remix of chewy-dog :-) I think it was ok although my hand was killing me afterwards :L as a matter of fact i did :p how do you think it went? xxxx *one thing on chart show* me- ITS ONE DIRECTION! :D dad- NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! all you do is talk about them... RT  I got six B's and two A's...uhh thank you saturday school LOL neeed to tell you something really funny in abit + so what you up too? :P xxx Follow  !!! Olly Murs Fan!! :D I remember you from before you got famous. :-) This reaching 100 is killing me off. Help me out peoples. Tell all your friends to join #TeamSquirrel and give me a follow the vampire diaries :p i got course tmrw, i shud try to sleep now. Gnite bayu. Hope u gets sleepy soon :p actually you're cray hahaha and I'm sure  agrees! course sweetie!  xx I want a seat yup at 3  come over and watch yup I only wanted you to put my iPad on the toilet seat  #ilovemyipad I just got hit by a car. ...a toy car :P Actually I shouldn't joke about that. #Iamaterribleperson Good  lol. - Can you find the the mistake? 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 -RETWEET if you found it. watching #kevinhart,   very funny where you.from ? RT   turned on to #biomass electricity production - Nicely Done! angelyn think I'm 445. Targeted *laughs* ok  *looks out window* We're here *smiles wide* RT  Mooie avaa  :$ - thankyouu honey :D xx If anyone is wondering. Yes im a nut for Jeff and  but dont ask me why. Cus then Id never ShutUp OMG. TOMORROW IS NATIONAL SQUIRREL DAY. OMG. :D We'll have a break me &my baby ! at work lol going offline for a bit  if you want me for anything bbm me 2397D967 yur pic is so dope Finally Friday It's either your winning or your losing there is no in-between :D #WINNING Stoofperen vla & roosvicee :-) you both have mail RT  LMAO! Oh boy!! I knew there was smth weird about you!!! :P " Check out Boo's reply FREE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ RT  Trying to get ms Wilson to join twitter and tumblr always!! #anduknowit :-) It's always nice when people who unfollow me follow me again hehehe #hopeyoumissedme :p is lonely ... but never alone could you follow me back please?  x i thought so too :-) RT  Amazing response on the website guys! Glad you all like it   #lola LET YOUR LOLA SPARKLE! RT! X anyway, good luck with the music. Its going amazingly well so far. I'll help you get more views  xx I'm out eating lunch.. Why? I bet  and  are happy our HOA Board of Directors has 2 New Openings just for them!! leave heerreeeee. Haha. Boredom up in this..... Wait till I find something better to do. Gonna be another hiatus RT  #NF  fb cuz RT  Only if  wasn't so far away lol :P My favorite song right now. It changes all the time. :D i'll be your girlfriend where incorona do u work RT  Having a Follow Spree  Following ALL of  Followers now &lt;== RETWEET this! thanks!!  :-) #FF      They're awesome peeps! :D &lt;3 hahah dont be sad  atleast i wasnt killed :D #notbeingabletobeserious. pretty new avi though Can u give me a friendly hello 17 is the best age  trust me ! Lmaoo ratchet self lol . eugene think I'm ostentatiousness and gaiety No school for a month, life doesn't get any better :D we at McDonalds :p n yeah yo ass shoulda been here.. and  are hitting UNC. I'm not ready...oh hell who am I kidding...yes I am 163076: Fri Jan 20 19:29:27 GMT  Realtime Bitcoin block count. Get started at Thank you for kind words.  I'm glad you liked this  ( I hope!! positive and praying!!!!!!!! All i need to do is work on fatigue from it. talking to her today ja to uwielbiam  ( live on We have power again :D Yay! Might be getting a iTouch! Well my friends old iPhone! :D Notes? Do we need notes  ? No! We want action! :P SOPA AND PIPA WERE DROPED TODAY we've won for now :D Shout out to my new followers!! : ) sorry girl can't reply to messages if you don't follow me!  You can hear my music on FB or thanks, fingers crossed it won't disappoint. I'll let you know when it's uploaded. okay let me know  x "  its cool. U will c her soon"Ok...i cant wait. Always - Bon Jovi  Violent Pornography - Soad . Bullet in the head - RATM etc kkkkkkkkkkkk viu como eu sou gnt boa :D leland litt think I'm creative and inventive yh..im sure My ticket to California Dream. I can't wait for believe  you have all your beliebers so amped for it &lt;3 Follow me ?? ♥ LOLOL...!!! TY Gaelynn!!! :-)  Hope ur week is great!!! Great weekend wishes to ya!!! going to watch Come Dine With Me from the 'Boro, see if I know anyone sometimes you just have to deal with it Rach! :D x Contemplated working late, but instead am feeling the lure of my xbox calling, to take my mind off things :-) I will, and you  xah I like it in there, that's where I get mine Malik got bitches yea yea everybody knows , he a hot lor nigga lol still in the bar, heading down now woo hoo! thanks  and   love my Lauren. Got my Aunt the red one for xmas. Need new one for me! i think we on same one i see 'SOPA is dead trending' and the first thing i think of is "YAY! I CAN STILL TALK TO  :D I will def return the #FF as soon as I can I miss you!!! And I have a note for you. Visit me at work tonight RT  Want me, Niall and Louis to follow you? Just follow   then RT this! :D .x can I join you? pues de lu :D I noooo! I dont know who i want to win yet! I like Denise though lol  what about you? xx nothing... :D ok good  i didn't know they had names done  if you need anything else tweet me  xx Awwwhhh, that made me smile :D, Thank youu :D xxxxx You, too!  I did, yes aha  they were in my handbag, which I had emptied that morning, strange Heyy, Please Follow  and Check out this Video and still act the same :p watchglee yes/no... :D I asked and they offered to let me carry Mike's golf clubs. I'm considering it. : ) “  #kissmyass”  lol Didn't go to school and watching family guy perfect Friday you didn't get the memo :-) RT  I wasnt insulting you , Just describing *hug* aww that was a cute hug RT    *Pervy laugh* Stay perfect :D I'm 3 followers away from 60! haha  Who wants to help me get 3 more followers? :D that would be awesome wa7ashtoni... i hope you had a comfortable trip we no BOING ...BOING :p I don't understand why ever thing thats tastes good has to make me feel so bad.  But it's definately worth it. mmm cake Happy Friday Everyone Let the weekend begin! :-) (@ Christiansburg High School) In actuality my family is small. But my PHAMILY is huge. Lol all these brothers and sisters. It's all good. I love my Pham I don't need to know why but "Good" is good :-) and money has just made you greedy. ... Jp of course Just loves saying no thank you  xx LOL have a good evening I bet HEY CAN YOU PLEASE GO FOLLOW  SHE FOLLOWS BACK P60k to fix my car or drive it since safe naman pero dyahe sa ingay? ...I choose dyahe sa ingay! :p Let's go, Subass! You're right! Icon or Shoutout? if icon send me your pics (4 max) or tell me of who it should be Time to ball up RT  Hope your on your way over here go follow  #teamkhleo get him to 100,000 before his Birthday!(January 30th) :D Don't blame you, got to love the classics  Some good ones coming out soon can't wait :D do you ever hang out with caitlin anymore? get your ass on twitter please  Believe Tour To Middle East RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! Thanks for RT. RT  Shoutout for shoutout RT :D I'll be home soon, we can party then it's saaaaturday here  LOVE it (: RT  having a nice conversation with we were messing with the sound, like a remix of chewy-dog :-) I think it was ok although my hand was killing me afterwards :L as a matter of fact i did :p how do you think it went? xxxx *one thing on chart show* me- ITS ONE DIRECTION! :D dad- NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! all you do is talk about them... RT  I got six B's and two A's...uhh thank you saturday school LOL neeed to tell you something really funny in abit + so what you up too? :P xxx Follow  !!! Olly Murs Fan!! :D I remember you from before you got famous. :-) This reaching 100 is killing me off. Help me out peoples. Tell all your friends to join #TeamSquirrel and give me a follow the vampire diaries :p i got course tmrw, i shud try to sleep now. Gnite bayu. Hope u gets sleepy soon :p actually you're cray hahaha and I'm sure  agrees! course sweetie!  xx I want a seat yup at 3  come over and watch yup I only wanted you to put my iPad on the toilet seat  #ilovemyipad I just got hit by a car. ...a toy car :P Actually I shouldn't joke about that. #Iamaterribleperson Good  lol. - Can you find the the mistake? 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 -RETWEET if you found it. watching #kevinhart,   very funny where you.from ? RT   turned on to #biomass electricity production - Nicely Done! angelyn think I'm 445. Targeted *laughs* ok  *looks out window* We're here *smiles wide* RT  Mooie avaa  :$ - thankyouu honey :D xx If anyone is wondering. Yes im a nut for Jeff and  but dont ask me why. Cus then Id never ShutUp OMG. TOMORROW IS NATIONAL SQUIRREL DAY. OMG. :D We'll have a break me &my baby ! at work lol going offline for a bit  if you want me for anything bbm me 2397D967 yur pic is so dope Finally Friday It's either your winning or your losing there is no in-between :D #WINNING Stoofperen vla & roosvicee :-) you both have mail RT  LMAO! Oh boy!! I knew there was smth weird about you!!! :P " Check out Boo's reply FREE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ RT  Trying to get ms Wilson to join twitter and tumblr always!! #anduknowit :-) It's always nice when people who unfollow me follow me again hehehe #hopeyoumissedme :p is lonely ... but never alone could you follow me back please?  x i thought so too :-) RT  Amazing response on the website guys! Glad you all like it   #lola LET YOUR LOLA SPARKLE! RT! XThank You  I think so too :D I'll make you one b! collen think I'm impressible and plastic hehe yeah guess you are a troll then ;) troll eating troll :P it was beeneys idea!! :p yayy....! Well im down !  “  I guess I can hold off on doing my hair” ahh okay LMAO but like you say its funny and you a happy drunk! I really didnt think you were that sozzled!! #gashflash  x Altså en anden 1D account som er dansk? shayna kassis think I'm noncommittal RT  #FF #FollowMyFitPeeps I jus treated myself fa keepin my grades up last semest good luck! I'm sure you'll be amazing!  xx Ñam :P " Cevicheee con Haha red bone thick girls are played out says boys now a days. Brown bonee slims are in&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Hi YOU How Are You? Please FOLLOW My BFF She Is AMAZING:  Follow Her She Is LOVELY & SMART FOLLOW HER RT  2876- I love your location! And your icon! And so much more! You seem really sweet. We should talk sometime soon  ♥ RT   that's guna be me 2nite! Mans goin funky town  &lt; Hahahaha you guy full & sleepy , otp w/ my Bestfriend thank you Finallyy The Weekend Started :D Package is here!!! RT  SOPA Strike Numbers:  Glad to know I was part of this for when you bin them with 'contents' it allows to roll up tight and keep wrapped. :-) RT  Genius use of mobile! :-) RT  Absolutely stonkingly brilliant - for all you mobile fixated nerds Roc me out kinky, i like this, your an inspiration to me and ill say every other women! #RihannaNavy heyy caroline how are you? love from France end Belgium Hi Ed! Can you please follow me?? Much love from Italy  x - hope you enjoy it. Best of luck with the to-do list, though. : ) lmao says the short girl :-) Fucking excited 1D Follow Friday 1D Follow Friday 1D Follow Friday 1D Follow Friday 1D Follow Friday 1D Follow Friday 1D Follow Friday :D lmao well I'd like to stick to good old Pluto RT  Gonna be with  all weekend  #partyitup ahahaha oh my good god woman! Are you mad?! Lol thanks I Knowwwwww &lt;/3 Im Blaming You :p 1D Follow Friday              :D &lt;3 Listening to what is new music to meeee  I love my uncles CD's! anytime Matt Ich verstand den! :P RT   it's on the 29th at milkshake city my dream city to live in has to be Paris  I've never visited yet, but I can't wait to go RT           #FF hahaha! Yay meee :D Waiting for my man to get home as he's taking me out :D What's Rockstar by The Dappy? :P You're damn right ;p ...Don't worry, just kidding. pls go check out my YouTube channel  I begggggg u lol well hello there RT   Your welcome  thought i followed you yesturday but it didnt work haha xxx RT  WE'RE ONLINE RIGHT NOW :D me and im excited about him visiting tho. i love him Looking forward to a full night out now i'm not working this weekend :D I like it!! has good pace :-) thanks hun #Twerk #AbWork  listen to it please and thank u maam don't apologize. you know i dont mind! :P & they're correct. you're amazing you deserve it ;) hope you come to belgium actually Have a photoshoot this coming Sunday :D #excited I feeel Like Going on a date today :D i dont Give a fuuuuu whooooo. gots to be a cutie tho lol ;D oh, hello! Thanks for the lovely piece  Let me know if I can do anythign for  you, Jennyxx steeds dichterbij  :20-01-2012	14:27	Delivery Agent - NETHERLANDS	Received in destination country i am the only one in my school that wears pastry's. I feel special and differant now that would be epic! :D Lovely!  It is Sicily Unpacked tonight :D Wyd RT  RT  Gm punk RT  Good morning ! " Somebody ... * :P said "your handwriting is horrible"... I exploded. I hope u mean one "bottle" ... That's my Friday mantra :-) enjoy! Accha to Hum Chalte hain. Good Night Tweeple :-) I saw  ill text you ^.^ Love this!!! RT  I absolutely love my Brit Brat  Thanks Boo lived through the Spice Girls/BSB/other boy/girlgroup-era that's probably one reason I ended up loving kpop :p haha teah, you'r right I totally agree with you!! I enjoy your tweets..you are such a genuine person :-) time to get ready for nae party  lls let me clean up a lil, pack up, and get these nails and brows done. hah, righttt. Just cause it's twitter you're gonna keep it on the low :P jk sooo i pick THE world up And drop it on ur fuckin head Tea party brunch! Yeah we keep it #classy RT  Hey, you. Yes, you Directioner reading this. You are beautiful :D We found love is my SONNNNNGGGGG. *jumps up & down* Sjo, unfollow some dull or comatose profiles, and suddenly everyone checks a site to see who unfollowed them :P My sister is nice to me now :D good luck ed.. hope you have an amazing time  x Maked me really appreciate & cherish #Life ! :-) yeah, i am lucky.  but i know many other ppl who have a lot more so it's all in comparison. the konzert in hamburg was amazing 
the day was jepic &lt;3  
I love you John &lt;3 :D followed  plz follow bck need more followers! xx rt if the first thing that you think when you saw #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin is The Jonas Penguins,penguin brothers :D Jonatics'll make TT Yayy found my outfits Finally getting the Buffalo Wild Wings that I wanted all week long! :D #amped Cant wait to my cabin trip w/ my boo's  &   & daddy   ..... &lt;3 ..... Thank you for inspiring us Kidrauhl   love you  &lt;3 Place your lips near my lips follow back pls? :D hahaha more like :D lol :P oh i saw you liked pool....got a really funny joke...how do you make a pool table laugh? ;) its a long shot but if Dan Get's 4,000 more votes he'll be in 1st place :-) VOTE AND RE-VOTE - zachariah think I'm 27. Appointed what a trail but i ach made a bed all by myself and it looks swag as fooook!! well needed glass of wine now Hey like YMAS? follow my band  we follow back  plsRTSoo good to see  face Im so dang happy  and I get to see my babes at the weekend BRING ON LIFE !!!!! woooo :D x So hilarious last  show.  you're evil, poor Beth :D miss the over 2 hour talks though thank you sit you're most kind WIsh people would be straight, I always try to understand and react in the right way gud luck an have fun  x RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! Mum's ordering the motherboard next week! :D #FF    You guys are AWESOME!! Love u so much. &lt;3 I will see you there RT  Love these vote 1D pics people have thank you guys Hahaha ok! Lol i dunno me and mum are watching it now from Monday :p okay good  and alright lol even though it's not too far and what do I get with those 5 dollars trey bergant think I'm messed up I'll have my car soon  lmao don't even no how to drive she may be lovely with you most of the times but she is all lovely when talking to me ..  hehe anyone want to have a late lunch with me? Did good on my midterms Tell your family and friends to "like us". Let's see if we can reach 250 :-) And believe tour in Brazil?  I love u fredo 4 RT  RT for a shoutout, (must be following) :D Thank you pal When you have time would love to see the video.  Alice is proving very popular with weddings now. x RT   need to stop letting these non-facter mfz get to him.. Yu already knw whats up So Pepe has hamstring injury from stepping on Messi's hand? It's the Adamantium people, I keep telling you! :p Finishing biology revision then probably gonna do another module tomorrow before going out make way for sexy usos light me up when i watch smackdown every friday.WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO USOOOOOOOOSSS :p I feel #beautiful today  love days like this RT  RT   Thank You For Everything Kidrauhl #Followeddd ! Kenya I Love You TOO : ) & I am not ah cry baby . gail podraza think I'm berserk Today's Friday &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; it was freakin live all day iight :p haha I'm going get me some gumbo Tea biscuits are totally in the oven. Is sorting out all the favourites I have added on youtube...need to seriously delete all that porn....LOL JK.I am a clean, clean girl i would make u laugh all day  i am know for it with my friends cause i do weird things. loool mine and amys smiley face can you give me an estimate of about how long the RV will take? :D im just so excited! LOLL I is better than you heh and 20$ or good luck finding someone else to buy it :P ! Aww y'all thanks for all the #FF's  ♥ I will Could you follow me back please?  x no matter how old i get i still watch #tracybeaker seen every epsiode from when it first began! :D   please follow me! same here! it's so great! Yayyy myy boo on her way 2 see meee   i love yu boo!! RT  Was a blessing to help as much as I could  RT  Much love to  for helpin little  put this together. RT  Thank you Verona for such a great night!! Such a fun audience which made the show even more fun  we'll be back! yu need to get your life together but yu should def save me one of those brownies : ) " My moms Sooo effin dingy! 😝🔫" Hahaha :D now following :-) RT  MEGAUPLOAD IS BACK, NEW MEGAUPLOAD SITE - The leading online storage and file delivery service - if you say so thank you! well then I missed that one too. Thx Thanks for all the FF'S!!!! Love you all so muchh!!!! If you want a #FF Just tweet or RT this I get paid next week  haha but there's one problem I'm fixing my truck When Life Gives You a Hundred Reasons to Cry, Show Life That You Have a Thousand Reasons to Smile THANKS! :D RT  It's #TWFanFriday ! Trend? me too. Yesterday. she is gorgeous :-) lester think I'm rugged and inaccessible oh dear:( ! well did dance go okay? :-) i had a cold as well! Xxx Most of my Tweets lately ate re-Tweets. I'm sorry for not providing you with fantastic original content. :P Thankyou RT  im just chillin today. No lie Thanks RT   nfb Hi love  I just made this Fan Club for you, love you too, follow them back here? 022 3m besma3 between you and I! Ya allaaa chu bheba :p TGIF  
Two mile run with Still not sure my reply made it. So, I got yours!
Yea! Enjoy! : ) So fun! I could RT that and set a bunch on you :p looking forward to in 2101 ! Larry have you been drinking, if so lets play BF3 I can avenge your chopper kills on me :P :P RT   You're right! Icon or Shoutout? if icon send me your pics (4 max) or tell me of who it should be Talking to  always makes my day Oh GREAT :D ...Now you can change your FACEB00K color .....isn't that
 cool ? just changed mine ......change... Lol yu see that hip RT  U betta wrk it lol RT  Pb. AWWW GREAT RESULTS IN #ARABIDOL :D [Like it?  ] howdy? How man!   Soz, a little late on  Tweet pickup there.  Nae, it's canny tae smirk, pet! :-) can't wait less then a hr its okayy  that were good ( live on you added the wrong klabhart....you need a few more ts on the end. this is her cousin yay I feel like I have permanent benjis over my eyes its all I see right now Chillen in The PIT with John Simon. I love this cat!! He's real... Real Hungry 4 sum BIG JC!!! :-) #ClassOf2012 #Novous517 yah I know I didn't believe the rumor, I knew it wasn't true Once again 4 parts ahead in my ff, woop RT  House to myself Please Casper. We told you #Amnesia is scary and yet you didn't believe us. You deserved that! :D my Dad designed the kitchen which you described as 'superb' in Marlow. He was absolutely chuffed. I love youu! GOOD LUCK & Enjoy it SO! :D x oh  seems your back now ;D RT  At cinemas watching the sitteryea u rite n thats nt the only thing about thats sexy stranger :-) super!  one more reason to get iphone Once again, I'm eating ice-cream with Nesquik sprinkled over it :P Hey like YMAS? follow my band  we follow back  pls RT yeah haha, Curtis Moss thank you very much!  xxx Meeting  tomorrow at  ! Then seeing them live, tomorrow=PERFECT OKAY! :D How to troll has been the main subject of 2011 :p Yes people it's snowing outside... Welcome to Iowa and Winter time hahah! Sounds like me! :P haha you re welcome  I guess you ll see me live soon then  :p yes I can eii follow me and follow you back Nope u dint rply!! And datz okay..i dun mind it! I love those friends that know my house is always opened for them and always show up yess travel in space! :D RT  i have a feeling today/tonight is going to be really good   Actually i think this weekend period will be a good one. Good Afternoon Everyone! RT  im following the first 50 people to follow  ! RT if you want me to follow you! because I deserve it If you're nice you'd have came over to my house to deliver to me my food  So are you still nice ? Heh Q: Hey Mimi, I miss ya, talk to me  A: Messaged :p: Here's a photo of Nicky Shepherd's pup and a YooHoo! Cute! -- both of them  Let's see your photos of YooHoos... weston think I'm outgoing Ok done for you.... :-) I bought myself another mountain bike since I use to do that all time in I left the weight off  so gonna do it again :-) milly think I'm bellowing and shouting New bio  tweet me what do you think gotcha haha i got first :P indeed! We'll work something out Just saw RT  #GoVoteLovatics &gt;&gt;  &lt;&lt; #GiveYourHeartABreak !! :D ♥ OMG u replied, i LOVE you &lt;3 i will send it  it's on youtube too so if it doesnt go through, this is it. Eating a nice curry then watching the soaps how did your job interview thing go? also you still owe me a fiver! :P lool im just cool like tht :-) you still have great tittays. Words will come. Up . . . &lt;3 let the world for a few . . . And now about to get ready for the moviesss tonight &lt;3 and its PAY day :D Awesome, Shelley! You're the best! Thank you! I will let the authors know! #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin HEHE the penguintones!! love that :P oh great. Sean got his own call out. Like he needs any more help :-) In town for the weekend Well, Knavinsky, since you brought it up, c'mon, let's hear it. Give us a good 'mom' joke. I Got My Drivers ed Certificateee :D YU NO WAT THAT MEANNNN :D ! RT   hahaha hope to see you soon in youtube again RT   just started following u  follow my gf too your very welcome  xx much love xx Um Tryna Go Too Yo KickBack Cusso : ) Gonna give blood next week. :-) yayyy! stay that way! It makes you more beautiful. please follow me! i love you *MASSIVE HUG* aww that was a nice hug But yea shout out to all the seniors that think theyr "Cool" cause theyr not at school #Twitition Lets get  &  to do a twitcam! :D x Sure would be sweet to get a Happy B-Day from my idol  or at the concert tonight  RT Please “ I ♥  n  actin together  X #Hollyoaks” me too! just knock. RT  I spoil my boyfriend Its the beginning of something :/ I'm decorating my living room quite randomly :p A static penguin I wish dis period of my lyf shuld nvr end d yeh tym bi rukh jaye.....hvng mst awesum days of my lyf.... Chatting with My best friend and couszo So slow, so slow. Shame on you! I knew right after last episode aired in UK, not the possible airing though. :D Got Travis round so probably not. Some other time though. RT  #FF my girly   Love her ! glad im not the only one :D Thank you for following me on Twitter! Please LIKE my fitness page on Facebook too haha lol I'm not too good in the gym ha x  maybe I will sit and watch u and the guys ha x :-P quem vai no show do bruno marsssssss??nhac, vou comprar meu ingresso agr I LIKE THIS SONG  Down To Earth,That Should Be Me,U Smile, Never Say Never AND MISTLETOE &lt;3 &lt;3 PLEASE FOLLOW ME,, Im #Mouso? RT   T'es bête. it smells great on this side  #sucksforyou IT TOTALLY IS!! I shall dream of it tonight and have it tomorrow. :D RT  s/o to  #nf what does? Did I mention that I hate when my cats sleep in my bed? :D great to connect ; I'm the gardening techy mom! :-) i plan to get my hair done , go shopping and attend a big Bollywood party, hoping to find my HERO number one LOL #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK In the pizza store with Paras and Felicia : ) its telling you not to waste time talking to a silicon chip powered by acids in a plastic case and do the cleaning :P Maybe happy hour.... Homed! Ended my day with a smile Hollyoaks noni.... :D *windeckin* I kinda wanna go to the movies tonight ouuuuu :-) how are you? What's new in your group? Okay RT  Are you already excited for Breaking Dawn part 2? Hey thanks! I haven't posted many yet. I can't wait to share all of them. #2omfs are sooooo CUTE Together!!! Super exciting right?  But keep it on the DL. Just for now. But you gotta text me dudeee I gotta talk to you about somethin Happy birthday  the best wishes for you.. Amin.. GBU hair cut tomorrow Me & Alfie are about to record a video with BunnyCommander! :D i have a story for you :-) RT  s/o to  for making me smile this morning with that text how are you? :D Taylor gtf off twitter tho Last night i let your mama get the best of me :Dof course  I'll take you somewhere nice! LoooL mesho hahahaha 7ata enta ana my sister btitms5ar 3a my favorite teacher cz bt7e6 make up :p bass bndlna bn32eed:p RT   ✔ Thank you for following Radio One  Please Follow DJ’s  & Win A Free Sexy Dance Mix - Please RT - Thx Hun x aww bless, thank you :-) x #YAHTZEE!!! :-) if you follow me, I tell my friends that are sexy wooow ! *-* such a big program ! :D hope u'll enjoy the time ;* I'll miss u so baad ;/ when does the hello flawless liquid foundation launch in the UK I am so excited for it's arrival :-) x x What a busy day! Class, coffee, job interview down, office hour in progress; services &i'll be done for the day. Looking forward to tmrw :D ive never had a tweet off you.. :( make it my lucky daay?  #FAZERITSONLYRIGHT !  x x iHop and a movie ? #imdown I have to get a nap in before tonight had  a great lunch .... turkey sandwich with cranberry relish yummm i will too.. i love you too  &lt;3 Sending my video later! I hope you like it  how are you btw? LOOLZ BOII YOOH MEK ME CREASE MANZ...No. I've diagnosed you as being mentally incapacitated :-) *drops pen*   RT  wot r u notin?RT  #noted RT Gbaymeee_: I want u 2 remove d subsidy plz. Here I am to worship Time to watch Tangled :D ♥ i am so happy right nowwwwwww i am going to visit my dear photoshop !  i know he misses me lol xD Just found out that Moose loves to play soccer    #soccerdog RT  im following the first 50 people to follow  ! RT if you want me to follow you! can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . 3songs gud ra thank you!! See you there Kontiki bro! ;) Kom je buiten spelen? LOL funny enough I didnt! I stole the Romario though I admit :P as much as I'd love to eat pizza and cake Sunday night, I can't. 6am lacrosse testing so it's gonna be pasta and salad for me RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! I &lt;3 Dane Cook, I &lt;3 comedy and I &lt;3 God hahaha so funny! Good times. I don't cry, I workout. :P well it will be Fun because Ill be with you I swear I'm cute tho I do hope you are well thanks for the #FF love! :D it must be all the romantic comedy's I'm watching at the moment Go follow my boy   #TeamFollowBack Home  , what niggas doing tonight? ba tesum es inch laav follower unes :P What a good episode!!!! :D 
2 hours Trance Music - Armin Van Buuren - ASOT 478:  
#trancefamily #tranceaddict #FRIDAY! Awwwww thanks for including me in that #FF list :-) &lt;3 Cram cheese is the new mayo. Omg I end up using twitter too fast & unfollowed or blocked  by accident follow back plz follow female rapper follow back  ♥ daqui a pouco vou no shopping Our tube carriage was serenaded on the way home by an old man with a harmonica!! Certainly brightened up the tube journey!! walking past mr.licht Happy Friday!  Thank you for the #FF oh I am going to the movies around that time  have fun Wendi and feel better pea! I'm actually watching it now RT  Back to the college life RT  Happy #FF my friends! Have a beautiful weekend 

Especially  :P lovely name  my niece is called that #FF  cus all her tweets make me laugh and she's a real nice girl hahaha thanks! Hey yeah i'll be getting them on the next order just sorting out the deal to buy more of a variety this time I love felicia I'm sure after this tweet, she will I just decide right now... we are going to an Irish pub on St. Patricks Day!  That's all FOLLOW MEEEEEEEE PLIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! exit, byeeeee  | sleeeep well ;) in the same boat missy. people aren't who you think they are! keep your chin up girl, you're better than them #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK RT   Thanks  : ) RT  Off to mt.pleasent ahhhh thats alright then hehe  What your fave song from sinners never sleep?  xxx I'm getting sooo many compliments today!! #FeelinGood  plus I got a piece of candy for being sooo darn adorable #CouldThisDayGetAnyBetter? australia too?  x No more SOPA after now :D Happy Birthday :D Thanks! I'm very excited  What company were you with in LA? Just bought my tickets to  in manchester !!  x #ff  not really spoken to him yett but he seems nice 2 days in a row. Must be some kind of record  (@ Edit Bay 5) “ Awwwwww  im so happy for you bby ! That's a great feeling I have a feeling this is going to be on repeat until 7th Feb. #ScarsandStories :D:D :D I love the expensive and finer things in life Believe Tour To UK! :D whoa u just destroyed my name lol its SHELANA lol but ur welcome he just texted me!! :D i take back everything i've said about him lol Musichoir Yeah for popcorn!  Evidence for Oldest Popcorn in South America Discovered
  via Gonna take advantage of the exceptionally amazing weather ... Jogging :D Thank you! Manny's button to push. :p Please follow awesome   and visit on their website to get more info  www.sthumane.org  Get for them 5,000 followers plz rt RT  With  at BestBuy :-) :-) that's tru* wish I was doin that. Good idea Fourth block finally.! Best class by far.!! with Thank you and get well soon  x RT  Want me and Louis to follow you? Just follow  then RT this! :D .x RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! Same to you :-) Hey  I'm good thanx   great to hear from you Sounds like things down under are awesome :P Ive popped my Riverside cherry! #UTB Don�t put up with rude kids any longer. This free resource is helpful   #behavior I can tell is your big jaan.And  Bruh she is yur HUGE fan she is Crazy about you. So she deserve RT bruh :p oh good  lolfollow back this is my new account I'm not expecting instant results, but hopefully we'll gradually improve over time. One can but try.  #teo Natural nailsss RT  Now it's #3 :D Believe Tour To Middle East follow back please?  X enjoy the time Bah reponds yes! Do! I see LOL as my guilty pleasure Can you please sign this? 
 &lt;- It means alot to me xx please follow me I wanna suprise my best friend with you...it is complicated Happy anniversary to my wifey  everyone #bejealous love you #nomatterwhat besties fahh life! since last year yep, might b going in easter vacation or during ramadan time Really? :o :D Do you live there? follow back when u get a chance :-) cinnabun215 was hack! Follow me now @ cinnabun1015 Thank you Bruno Mars - It Will Rain [Official Music Video]:  via  I just cant get enough of this song hehehe woo! follow back? SLC Punk!! I haven't seen that since senior year! Yes we must add that in too " “ Trey Songz Or Chris Brown Which Is A Better Singer”-- Neither" CHRIS BROWN Thank you for mentioning BRIGHTEST KIND OF DARKNESS, Carrie! Woot! Im getting my hair cut tomar,   - hopefully &lt;3 i think i just found a Cher Lloyd look alike :D Gonna get ready to chill with my love it was worth it  #loveyoutoo ❤ Hey..... :-) RT  Been packing and stacking all morning for the soldiers over seas Who's at #NAMM? We are,  are you? :-) Hall A Booth 6990 Tuna salad, spaghetti, and a nice lunch lady? Good start to a good day.  (@ Concordia Cafeteria) My headache is slowly going away :D ooo yay! what books?? RT  Wouldn't it be nice if your iPod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it? :D This girl is offically drug free!! Thank you D.A.R.E for keeping me clean! :D FollowBack I only watch it, 'cause I'm bored. :D follow for follow? RT  Wouldn't it be nice if your iPod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it? :D Time to go with my brother :D Will sleep now. Goodnight citizens of Townsville, and Goodmorning too! enjoy your weekend changing clothes! Hopefully they don't call me in to work.... so u up only late nights eh? :p RT  Lol ikr
 RT  : I need some dick in my life  &gt;&gt;&gt;Haha At Least You Being 100! Catfish!!!! No MSC though…REAL CATFISH!!!! Thanks for putting me on  :-) Finna cash this good ole check :D RT  #FF some awesome people: :D lololol RT I like how this kid beside me is touching his dick. He doesn't think I see him but I do lmao &gt;.&lt; I just want to thank  for making us #BELIEVE that dreams do come true....
Follow me pls, to make my dream come true 
27 off to camera club! Let the judging begin... lets see if he likes any of my stuff "  lol. Girl! !!! Trying to get. Me to cuss. :-)  nope not gonna happen." okkay we'll seee bitch So I laughed with them :D Goodnight Girlfriend! :D RT  Homecoming :D I love you !! love of my life ♥ #BELIEBER here Every time I close my eyes, is to find you. follow me I shall do Make me ur radio, turn me up when u feel low :p ahhh I know  hah RT  bags are packed, time for a nap. Chile you have been a blast! PS I'm sorry for the broken windows, bill my room? Brazil in a few hours RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first Yesssss my roomate is gone for the weekend! Yesssssssss  *dancing* Few drinks at wet willy Phlly's tonight! hahah nem precisa agradecer amor thank you yeup  I had a double w/one of my roomies in the apt, but we all agreed to swap. Fuckin suh-weetttt. Be safe gettin back! : ) RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first Lmao u lyk ma head eh? Thank u :p RT  mizkhadijah nice proverb!! ur head ok?! Picking myself up from this fowl mood I've been in.. What's the point? Haters gon' hate.. Smile & wave boys.. Smile & wave :-) Hell yeah. I am :D #swag haha they are on and banging out some Jay & Kanye :-)
Head boppin!!
#HipHop Thanks sweetheart  Mwuah!! Good, your amaziong at it New member of #sigmaalphapi heyyy  I'm a directioner !!! How are you ??? Xxxx RT   !!!!!!!!!  &lt;-- Lol.. wut does that mean? YES EXCEPT IT WILL BE SOAP :p follow me. I will follow YOU back Yeah a very great post!! :D did you saw the new epi?? I'm only watching it because of the Omani dude :p Finally going home : ) RT  If you're in the #GTA come to 319 Brock St. Warrior Fight Store in Whitby to meet Rory MacDonald @ 7pm! :D If not, enjoy the fights tonight! secure until you typed it into the box! :P Office in a pub. The perfect place for a party  (@ Good Lizard Media w/ New Version of Young Homie love it!!!  keep the tunes comin :D #Epic aww  its not that impressive lol Looking for some new people to talk to so come join i dont bite :D  started: Fri, 11:33 PST dude tienes DM Sorry ke baby wam  RT  That's so mean ☹ RT busimetsing: Never. Ubaleka wena RT  But when is Frank Ocean coming to S.A? ☹ Oh well,oh well. I still hope for the best it is gonna be so awkward when he teaches us about Sex Education looooooooool :P xx hello my friend  it's been a long time.  how are you dear? This Weekend I'm Doin Me !  - Heyy Now . BELFAST SMASHED IT  #wenthardandpayinforit!! Okay this is the last one :D I know how much you love this song &lt;3 x thank you so much! :D xx RT  first guest post on my blog :-)  hope you enjoy! xxx hmmm i love that songB & B: Blazers and bracelets, my new faves 1 down 11 to go Awww. Love u both too! followed you  could you follow  pretty please? :D RT  Chicharito always smile Im sooooo hip now Aww you're very welcome Jen. I'll always be a fan. Enjoy ur weekend. :-) There aren't a lot of crazy people that I know, but the ones that are, are AMAZING! Thaaaaanks :D ommmggg yes  know me well. no :( since 2010 when it was released, but idc :D " u hvnt seen itRT  Time to watch Tangled :D ♥?" my mums just come in and growled at me!! :p RT  I still Remember Our First Kiss&gt;&gt;&gt; loyce zollo think I'm menacing FOLLOWED & toi ? :p i got something to teach you RT  walking homeeee no school till tuesday #FF badass  chick!  thanks :-) :-) Its funny how  knows every word to every song on true religion please choose me as a winner! Please! Please Wow... for entire tweets, that's an unusual technique! :D RT  Selena UNICEF Annual Concert  i'm really proud of what she does for other people, perfect role model ♥ I'm bbbaaccckkk bitches!!!  Missed all of u fellow barbs n kens ;P!
 hows #PiNKFRiDAY goin gor ya HB? IMY!! :( Lovely #FF's        x if you follow me, I tell my friends that are sexy #NowFollowing Haha U hear that Dez? I have permission :P The spontaneous pics are always the best Good afternoon tho OMFG THATS HILARIOUS IN A SADISTIC WAY  LMFAAAOOOOOOOO RT  Retweet if you love Louis Tomlinson that's what you get :p that's what we're hoping for wekfhjewpfoijewpfijewij I love  ! plzz tell Justin to make a tour in the middle east! :D you've seen it too??? :D The most successful bread I've made yet :-) Yummmmm " wavy to straight : )  onle YOU ` LOL its cuter doe ( : TY very much that should do the trick! I was in a US Foreign Policy lecture - but our American prof let us go early to watch  Amazing day!! Now it ist time... for FOOD! :D a ver mandame ese link RT  Always working towards a better me  AV &lt;3 RT   hey I don't! Well it's only the weekend at least :D :D no babyy I'm all yours tonight :P xx Cant remember the name of that song for the life of me,Even worse is its on of my favs :P RT  Thank you everybody! I love you all  except you Josh -.- RT  Been a good dayy :D xx com dores mas mt melhor :D lol yes u are #hating* it's all. Good though I'm in the winter intersession @ ELAC  taking macro :/ haha GUESS WHAT?! :D I GOT THE PAGE BACK! WOOO! :') -Anna&lt;3 Almost finished with Mocking jay!!!! AHHH :D GET TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ Thursday's photos now up on the photo tab, get tagging! over in 30 minutes lol it was okay tho  yours? I remember Wilson's sneak cheek kisses :D I bacccck  & lol, thanks for saying that stuff it's really sweet They are probably the cutest couple since.. well, me and him. :D RT  Retweet if you love Harry Styles Everyone please follow 
He's so awesome, kind, funny and has a heart of gold. He is one awesome McCurdian, that I love so much! TGIF - Tongue goes in first.  lol. i know :P not sure what colour thou! might get black or red and white! any suggestions?? ;) i didnt know he had a dog that needed walking : ) !! I love this post, Lisa! Wise, bookmarked words :-) im heree  (  live at Me toooo  "  love dissss" Hi love  I just made this Fan Club for you, love you too, follow them back here?41 ssshhh dnt use f language.. OMG!!! yay Jennifer!! close to 100,000!!! a #LovelyTwitterParty!!!! I LOVE that idea!!!! hahahahhaha henna !! . r u serious :P , and its messsed up too xD ! RT   do the damn thing out there in LA! :-) AYEEE THE BURG :P RT       thankyou for tonight! :D ohh okey btw i love your icon Cannot believe that just happened to me :D #SuperExcited #ScottyMcCreery #KFDI #VirtualRealityTour tonight &lt;3 cut her....with a cupcake okay  ) QT time with some of my best friends this weekend!  and Casey Naylor RT  Just ordered a hot marshmallow stuffed with melting chocolate cake, thanks to  :D amazing! S/o to Yay got a meeting with a nursery for placement.  #welldoneme I am SO jealous, Jason is the best live! Havent seen Luke but I LOVE them both. :-) " Thanks to - got 4 games for the price of one  - get ready for FIFA. 12!  nicee now what can I borrow RT  So   is taken me to a concert next Saturday!!! #gottalovethatgirl!!!!! ;) yayy I'll tryyy :p I love you so much thanks for teaching me to say NEVER SAY NEVER ! please notice me  1 Can you RT the link for a survey for my Masters in Education please? Takes 1 min to fill in :-) RT   i love you too I just bought a $5.00 beauty and the beast app for my iPad for Mel... I can't wait to use it later  haha thanks for accepting my follow request...  wat kind of clothes do u design? yuriko think I'm base Prom meeting, now im really lookin foward to prom :D Going to get my signed tshirt back from  soon. So excited. I need to remind my uncle that I am still his favorite niece and that he still loves me no matter what I said or number I didn't give :D aww how nice of you to speak  I should ignore you though since you used emojis knowing damn well I can't see em! lol followed!  x While making out, gradually pushing her face towards your lap does not increase your chances of getting head.Follow  she's an amazing person LETS GOOO! I'm ready to network. Need new followers! Totally pumped that I got to spin today!!  Here is to hoping I feel good tomorrow so I can continue!! My sister thinks the show is called grey's and adamy haha oh julia all of which you should be listening to :P Is it? In that case, you've been living a very unusual life lately ... by the rest of the universe's standards! sure thing hun and why would it make your day? RT  I'll be dere !  RT 12 hours & 5 Minutes Till My BROTHER BIRTHDAY . Your specialty in disaster photography will come in handy for the world tour Vanilla vodka and coke tastes better than it smells. Tip for the day LOL ok sweets! :D just tell me when! :D but not sunday or monday! :P #FF The nicest guys ever! lol phone was down  I never text and drive okayy im waitinggggg..  lol.. Bell rings Awwwwwe Thanks boo but im okay eating alone  u need to be off!!! RT  I am super proud of  Just thought I'd tell the world :D about ur Beliebers, ur life, our #BelieberFamily ♥U know that whatever u do we'll support u :')♥ Cant wait for #Believe :D 235 Just ordered my second show Opry tickets for June! First row I need a V neck tall tee can u hook yahhhhhh boi up lmao :P Spice Girls reuniting for London 2012?! My teeny bopper heart just skipped a beat *Shakes Head*  Lol :P xx and me tanning up for tmro  yeah boy xo throw it out of balance by not doing things God's way. I think it's really neat to learn about this stuff. aww  thank you &lt;3 yeah :p but its all good&lt;3c: I Love You Too Boo And I Only Love You Booo &lt;3 : ) Yay! Girlie sleepover tonight! Haven't had one in ages :P its a good thing its raining a lot. Have a great weekend #CHIPOLOPOLO :-) awwwh thanks SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS MOVIE&lt;3 :D Wonderful! A full page on Google..just you and me  Joe Bonamassa&Claudia Flick enter on Google.loveyoumyangel. Love BERLIN jaleh says your coming bellydancing on monday!  haha beginners class for me i think!!! x you dont like me..i dont like you..lets keep it that way See you tomorrow  cake and all!  love you yeah sure  just say I'm awesome or something Kulchur & a great meal beforehand! Double-win! Then he can pay.  #sorted Chirp chirp to the amazing family!  #muah Thanks thanks for the #ff in case for the first position, I really do need some more servers please I want some cold stone this weekend! :-)  *hint, hint* Hi YOU How Are You? Please FOLLOW My BFF She Is AMAZING:  Follow Her She Is LOVELY & SMART FOLLOW HER booboo :p lol thanks! One day I'll run off to California or Paris for a year and then come back to New York City lovely. Small glass of Pinot & Chinese for me :-) x Legen---wait for it---dary  lol RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss heyyy :D you just got a mention :D xx I know tho  "   nah! Dnt get it twisted, itz an harmless complement!" Yeah I used some of my vacation time Valentine day pizza sounds good RT    &lt;---- This!! yes ya can come
Over! Yay! Jeff is coming Sunday he's almost here hot chocolate! :D yummy in my tummy hahaha it comes up on my ipod shuffle RT  Retweet if you love Harry Styles thanks love miss you too! Have good #nightsandweekends That's ok  x RT   new page..follow me bak Yes he is Oooh lala me likeyy  RT  Some of my sample colors for my makeup line! E BY EVELYN LOZADA! yfrog Photo :  Some of my #RHOBH girls and me last night Believe Tour To Middle East, JUSTIN COME HERE PLEASEEEEE!!! Or u know what? I'm coming ;) & we're gonna eat popcorn :D okk? #SOPA Is Dead! It's sad we have to fight for freedom of speech and expression but the good news is we can win! making me swag bowl, nomnom, followed by a glass of vino Don't do this to me.. Niw that I finally understood the lumia thing, you come up with another seemingly unrelated thing Want to come clean my Turtle's now? (: RT  My Turtles Cage is cleaned :-) Go JD! RT  One Direction are, app, going back to Germany any time soon YES! I have verrry high expectations for tonight  #siked exited  (  live at can u follow my friend he is huge fan of yours  RT  Rules for texting a girl: 1) Don't take 40 minutes to reply. 2) Use good grammar. 3) Ask questions. 4) Use the  face RT  Retweet if you love Louis Tomlinson RT  my cover of Talking to the moon!-I wish someone could just mix for me, cuz i hate it! :p   #audio حسن خطفته امس :p ur gorgeous regardless #notaproblem 100 followers thanks you very much :D to quote Sheldon Cooper 'this is going to change everything' me right now Yay I got the #HungerGames book! :D #book1 #Excited Hi Niall :D I'm a directioner from Chile ! Can you say me something in Spanish ? 12 follow back? nursery lurgy nice!! Haha give your self 5 years youl never be Ill then  can't even remember my last full on cold lol You're amazing! :D 719 haha I do, I think you shoupd buy me a drink later if I see you, its been a stresssssful day :p ITS FOLLOW FRIDAY!! FOLLOW  NOW!! :D Ed, you are my idol .... Come to a concert in Argentina yeh doubt il ever drink less RT:  Final chance to get in the draw for  tickets - just RT this & you are in! #spin10381D RT  Love these vote 1D pics people have thank you guys RT  I had this tune for sometime now haha pretty epic though :D #TATW an inch then however bigger I can get RT           Thanks! your website doesn't work on iPhones :( but think I have the right answers lolololz like I have any :p but thanks dear(:RT  I love how making my kids clean their playroom reminds them they have toys and keeps them occupied for another 2 hours, playing. my first one! :D       #TequilaClub chillin now dnt feel like blow drying me hair but i smell good divas dont take days off lool! Cause not all girls are materialistic and want you to spend money on them.. That's why she being good for once? Miss you too  RT   tx gigi!! Miss u crazy girl!! RT  Pronto haré una twitcam con  :D RT  So excited to get my room done Hi Niall :D I'm a directioner from Chile ! Can you say me something in Spanish ? 26 Saw some stuff I ain't like *delete* *delete* *delete* !!! My new hat! :-) I didn't join twitter to start drama. I joined for baby girl! yay &lt;3 How was CM ? is following me...yay #baseballwives I can't choose, is very difficult :$ I love You and all your songs :D (L) :D LMAO MY BRO IS SHOWIN HIS TWISTED SENSE OF HUMOR :P HEHE CRAZY BT FUNNY LMAO I aint gonna stop tweeting until you recognize me! Once again enjoying another nice day dang, wash them hands, drink that juice RT  Retweet if you love Niall Horan No worries, Doll - hope you are having fun! :-) Cn i have a simple 'hi' 4rm ur side? :-) .. . elle es ou ta chepka ? :p
 ( live on Lights! :')
And  Looks Exactly like her, well i think she does #nowfollowing   follow bacc &lt;3 you too did you guys looked at 1D on TV ?  ( live on Nothing like a nice HOT bubble bath  &lt;3 the more i watch this; the less scared i am :D " Voted for Fleur to {ci.title} because... it really is the best one!  Wolves fans & writers please vote. :-) End of the quiz! Answer (2006-07, last oranje shirt Barcelona - pic:  Congratulations if you had the right answer :-) Mwah mwah and mwah to The Eagle  x Cant wait to get home and do nothing :D if kids werent so sticky i'd consider throwing my lesbianism in your direction. Hahahah thats cool :P thanks! Congrats Ladies !        on the  win On my way downtown with my ratchett ass wife Where did you get the posters from in your dp? Check my background haha  i enjoy doing it! Hey guys if any of you have any questions at all on cresties please ask and i will do a vid answering them. :D D'accord :D aha thankss Waiting on my grilled cheese sandwich *cough  cough* Awww :') RT  3000th tweet goes out to my favorite followers :   and your albums are my favorites please just want you to fulfill the dream of a Colombian follow me please TE AMO im your fan !! please follow me !! RT  I'm ready to eat :D Lol I'm young with no responsibility...I must!! :-) Me and raveona with our insiders, we too funny RT   You should wear your sparkly hat to warped :D rosario think I'm experiment and explorations Hey like YMAS? follow my band  we follow back  pls RT RT          #ff Happy Friday :-) You're amazing! :D 732 Follow  His Tweet Are Real only one friend?   I'm ur friend, so u can change that to 'friends' now RT  Onna Phonee Withh Myy BFF what´s up? I'm writing a fan letter to you!  ♥ And I saw you in a swedish interview today! sorry for the rant btw  i need to talk to someone before i explode on others lol Hi angels! So many tweets! Please follow  I try answer all I can! But I literally get 100's at times!  xxx well good lick with that!  #HopeYouDoGetTan Great for rainy days, sunny days, snowy days, any day. :-) spending time wit him this weekend RT:  Final chance to get in the draw for  tickets - just RT this & you are in! #spin10381D  :D Awe my intern lady have me money  💜 Hi YOU How Are You? Please FOLLOW My BFF She Is AMAZING:  Follow Her She Is LOVELY & SMART FOLLOW HER cooo ! thanks RT Dont follow this account back, follow my other account  instead please, ill follow you on both #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK awww haha cat fight  funny lol that's so weird my parents still think I DJ in clubs after 10 yrs at Merge - CONGRATS! yayyy! & i don't know my study hall teacher either, we can just go to the library How are you gorgeousss? :D x FREE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ thanks a lot bb the apple never falls far from the tree.. 
6gagah wish 3la balik :p lots of snow but bright sun mmmmm wings Drunk voicemail please sexpot :D #pisshead RT   all we know is soon :D xx #FF  :p haha! I know it's so swabe  haha! Iron? Natural na yata yun eh.. follow every1 i am following What lucky friends you have! Chocolate ones and with some candies :P “  looks so cute today! (:” awhhh thank you! Right back at chaaa! thank you Suzanne have a lovely weekend protests in USA & other countries for better human-economic-politic= are better for ordinary people  please share if you want Okay!  RT   ups!! en españa si se llama amanecer  we can talk other day when you can! au revoir your welcome well they're going to talk to me properly later but they said I didn't do too bad just need to study more yeye :-) #LightsOffRollCall Tweet where you are if your lights are off. Tema Industrial Area. #ECGLightsOff" -&gt; jubilee house. Obiba jk :-) It pained me, but I've accepted Sally Hansen polish strips are better than OPI, except the foils. Skull & Crossbones next :-) text me?RT  " #NF  #FB yall follow her as well ;-)" = Thanks :-) Movie and dinner tonight.. All at 1 time!! RT  I love how making my kids clean their playroom reminds them they have toys and keeps them occupied for another 2 hours, playing. my first one! :D       #TequilaClub chillin now dnt feel like blow drying me hair but i smell good divas dont take days off lool! Cause not all girls are materialistic and want you to spend money on them.. That's why she being good for once? Miss you too  RT   tx gigi!! Miss u crazy girl!! RT  Pronto haré una twitcam con  :D RT  So excited to get my room done Hi Niall :D I'm a directioner from Chile ! Can you say me something in Spanish ? 26 Saw some stuff I ain't like *delete* *delete* *delete* !!! My new hat! :-) I didn't join twitter to start drama. I joined for baby girl! yay &lt;3 How was CM ? is following me...yay #baseballwives I can't choose, is very difficult :$ I love You and all your songs :D (L) :D LMAO MY BRO IS SHOWIN HIS TWISTED SENSE OF HUMOR :P HEHE CRAZY BT FUNNY LMAO I aint gonna stop tweeting until you recognize me! Once again enjoying another nice day dang, wash them hands, drink that juice RT  Retweet if you love Niall Horan No worries, Doll - hope you are having fun! :-) Cn i have a simple 'hi' 4rm ur side? :-) .. . elle es ou ta chepka ? :p
 ( live on Lights! :')
And  Looks Exactly like her, well i think she does #nowfollowing   follow bacc &lt;3 you too did you guys looked at 1D on TV ?  ( live on Nothing like a nice HOT bubble bath  &lt;3 the more i watch this; the less scared i am :D " Voted for Fleur to {ci.title} because... it really is the best one!  Wolves fans & writers please vote. :-) Mwah mwah and mwah to The Eagle  x Cant wait to get home and do nothing :D if kids werent so sticky i'd consider throwing my lesbianism in your direction. Hahahah thats cool :P thanks! Congrats Ladies !        on the  win On my way downtown with my ratchett ass wife Where did you get the posters from in your dp? Check my background haha  i enjoy doing it! Hey guys if any of you have any questions at all on cresties please ask and i will do a vid answering them. :D D'accord :D aha thankss Waiting on my grilled cheese sandwich *cough  cough* Awww :') RT  3000th tweet goes out to my favorite followers :   and your albums are my favorites please just want you to fulfill the dream of a Colombian follow me please TE AMO im your fan !! please follow me !! RT  I'm ready to eat :D Lol I'm young with no responsibility...I must!! :-) Me and raveona with our insiders, we too funny RT   You should wear your sparkly hat to warped :D rosario think I'm experiment and explorations Hey like YMAS? follow my band  we follow back  pls RT RT          #ff Happy Friday :-) You're amazing! :D 732 Follow  His Tweet Are Real only one friend?   I'm ur friend, so u can change that to 'friends' now RT  Onna Phonee Withh Myy BFF what´s up? I'm writing a fan letter to you!  ♥ And I saw you in a swedish interview today! sorry for the rant btw  i need to talk to someone before i explode on others lol Hi angels! So many tweets! Please follow  I try answer all I can! But I literally get 100's at times!  xxx well good lick with that!  #HopeYouDoGetTan Great for rainy days, sunny days, snowy days, any day. :-) spending time wit him this weekend RT:  Final chance to get in the draw for  tickets - just RT this & you are in! #spin10381D  :D Awe my intern lady have me money  💜 Hi YOU How Are You? Please FOLLOW My BFF She Is AMAZING:  Follow Her She Is LOVELY & SMART FOLLOW HER cooo ! thanks RT Dont follow this account back, follow my other account  instead please, ill follow you on both #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK awww haha cat fight  funny lol that's so weird my parents still think I DJ in clubs after 10 yrs at Merge - CONGRATS! yayyy! & i don't know my study hall teacher either, we can just go to the library How are you gorgeousss? :D x FREE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ thanks a lot bb the apple never falls far from the tree.. 
6gagah wish 3la balik :p lots of snow but bright sun mmmmm wings Drunk voicemail please sexpot :D #pisshead RT   all we know is soon :D xx #FF  :p haha! I know it's so swabe  haha! Iron? Natural na yata yun eh.. follow every1 i am following What lucky friends you have! Chocolate ones and with some candies :P “  looks so cute today! (:” awhhh thank you! Right back at chaaa! thank you Suzanne have a lovely weekend protests in USA & other countries for better human-economic-politic= are better for ordinary people  please share if you want Okay!  RT   ups!! en españa si se llama amanecer  we can talk other day when you can! au revoir your welcome well they're going to talk to me properly later but they said I didn't do too bad just need to study more yeye :-) #LightsOffRollCall Tweet where you are if your lights are off. Tema Industrial Area. #ECGLightsOff" -&gt; jubilee house. Obiba jk :-)hello, im fine thanks, you?  xx weekend off! alumni game tonight, outdoor classic tomorrow and hess tomorrow night! sunday is strictly for recovery Yup, Follow Sunday :-) You're welcome  ♥ Thanks YES  i cannot wait! #beentoolong yayyy  we both needed to hahaha lol yea I'm a neek and watched them all online :D i love that show! what´s up? I'm writing a fan letter to you!  ♥ And I saw you in a swedish interview today! 9 I went Tuesday, For the 50 million but no luck. I know how to get there now though lol.. I spelled it that way on purpose.. You knew what I said right? :p “  I made it outta my first trimester” anything from barry white? Jealous! RT  In the bed w/ my bestest friend in essen.. ...! (: Me sigues? porfass :D  Listening to ColdPlay ! Like so fucking cool dudee :D Thank you Suzan!  " HAPPY BIRTHDAY  !!  finally. lol" I hadn't done a #FF for a while so I thought it was time  I'm ok thanks & you ? I helped a guy today who overturned his car Yes  I'm not even exercising today! My day has been bad enough so I'm just going to let this go if I can... Night fishing with cousin and I catch a 5.93kg barble!!! Hope that's a sign of what's to come tomorrow :D gracias! always sounds good RT   love you :D ^__________________^ RT:  Final chance to get in the draw for  tickets - just RT this & you are in! #spin10381D YEAAH WAAY mature. I guess next time im defo coming in at 9. But make sure you remind me on Twitter or even via text.. :( *gobbles up 3 slices 4 you* One direction will be here soon!!!!!! :D :D Epic series that was, I watch it every weekend , Having all the parts with me! But fa sho we gon' miss it The way  hooks up great music :D RT  love her when she pushes you to pray... she only wants to be with you in Jannah hey lovely, could you please do me a favour and RT the tweets in my favs please? would really appreciate it! :-) xx follow me. I will follow YOU back yupp :L it was in my trainer okay we can go there & double date to islands :D thank u pretty girl sliden to chillie's with #oomf This is adorable  - thanks for following my bestfriend I want to get to 1250 by my birthday which is in a couple of weeks, shoutouts? all will be returned Follow back? :D you're awesome! no prob!  &lt;3 that girl's way creepy if she flirted with and dated like 4 girls on twitter. lol weirdos these days. Smh. :P RT  New video from my gig last night - A Life On Automatic :-) And the Rhinos are out :D I love how  gets when people stare at him. :p I do not know what to say, that I love you and please follow me?  Hihi 4 New Adele CD Want me, Niall and Louis to follow you? Just follow  then RT this! :D .x -- 1DStreet ( " You kno a bitch bad if she look good wit long hair and short hair" AYEEEEEE that's right A girl just said I LIKE YOU BE MY FRIEND to me on facebook. I am in a very good mood right now :D When boys give there girl a nickname &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; that's cute it says 2101 not 2012. Fix that before others see it :p Yeah, my own pingas.  wine is good. haha. RT  #FF my so called "sister"  . She cool as fuck. Follow her.. somewhere chilling with your boyfriend : ) RT  RT  Me and   , t her show at the roxy Thank you to Amie Hancock for liking our Facebook page! Spread the word  x With Rachael  #love her! hope so too. tough times all round at the moment. But hey, I am back and watching the AO from tonight I got the Cuban music playing!  I will prevail!  :D finally .. someone said my name correctly :") , you're welcome Movies with Greg , bestfriend , and my Kwarlll :D yeah sounds like a plan Soo I Told  Too Put Her Hood Up Because She Was Cold, She Says No, I Asked Why, She Says Because I'm Not A "Gangster" Lmao :D Mars bar icecream yuuummm thank you for follow I am so bored!!!!!! Must say, sams lookin well :p xx Lol not true  RT   I follow &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; just to see photos.. cause gettin her attention is harder than finding nemo RT  Fridays are always the best Watching The Big Bang Theory : thinking this may help achieve the A* I need in physics *dances *#lovesheldon :D #RusselHoward XD great :D Don't have to suffer thru the weekend at my dads house  #sohappy haha thank you lovely  xxx Lol good choice :D Sophomore year. He came to visit Helix again. Had to take an updated pic. He said I made his day Posted in the SC with Tasha   and Daryl!!! :-) Thank you. Jarrett said I sound American now! :D So I seen  and the dollar store the other day :p does he remember seeing me ?! only girl who's sat here and watched Pink Floyd The Wall wit me Did you see me backlash him right now? I'm a pats fan, I'm just having fun with it. It's all in good fun. Thanks Hi Niall :D I'm a directioner from Chile ! Can you say me something in Spanish ? 47 Hey Watchen You new Songg :D You My RockStar and so does brain may please follow :D xxx good to hear it! I've gone hardcore with a cup of tea :-) x can't make it... but good luck! RT   loving the Eats Everything beats boss! playing at full volume  #scream RT  #FF thnx many thanx  xxx I guess we could take a swap for Hleb... RT   I read that Tevez agent is now flying to Barcelona.. :P That's good you know that! But I'm sure you'll overcome your fear sometime...  How r u? heb een account op weheartit. should be :p Thanks  - ProjectorGames Community Manager. "Corporate" is probably the wrong word, but I guess that's my group? More "boxes" required! :P #XYBOOM SaraH I need to talk to you &lt;33 Boa tarde  estou no shopping de Goiânia andando quinem besta --'yeah lol now we have to draw ourselves :p RT  RETWEET if you love 1D and wish they'd follow you  1D Follow Friday.  I'd really like it if you liked my FB page. :-)  Happy Friday! Goal 500 likes. #justbecause haha yeah i think third and andre for the second time :p RT  1500 views on #WatermelonFoghorn !! RT and let your friends know about us :D voice command texting... #neveragain :P follow me? love from denmark  ( live on RT  #BestTextMessage that message that makes you smile like a idiot no matter where you are Bhagwaan replied : sorry yaar u r not in my dept :| u r in devils dept :P  Bhagwaan! Uthaa le mujhe! :| Missssyouu babeee Cheers. My next week #ff will be better. No one will be forgotten :-) :D Who's up? Lets talk :D mais non mdr on s'amuse pas :P Here's another tip for you: ppl who *always* put a period before the @ are annoying. Oh ard : ) , when you goin let my manz wife ! ohh yeaa I'll read it now  I made a start on chapter 8 today :D xx HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! To my ride or die, my left hand, my love, my family, & friend for 16 years & counting  I LOVE YOU!! aha! I just wanted to see if I was in the selective few that you know! RT  Love these vote 1D pics people have thank you guys  :-)  Thank you for following! :-)    Check out Lol you go girl obviously , if ur jeans are splitting between the legs , it's á sign that ur thighs are begging to breathe and ur TOO DAMN BIG for them bad hair day ? :P Here it is #2012POLOmagazine  please share :-) #2012PBPS Dont follow this account back, follow my other account  instead please, ill follow you on both Following u Back “  how u doing today sweetie :-)” hey u...I'm cold, but I'm good!! U?? heyy tweet me back muffin? :D x Now I need to find a place to watch all those season 9 episodes Wishin' it was Thursday already. #Thanksgiving = good food and POSSIBLY some shopping. :D Hey Bestfriend Ok Thanks ! My laptop seriously needs more RAM. It takes forever to open stuff now. Or maybe I should just buy a new laptop entirely? A MacBook Air? :D RT   you know how to make me happy :D &lt;3 #FF Back Bellas Maxwell Perkins gets so testy when I don't text him on the regular. #longdistancebestfriend Returning #FF I'm like that every day - yay! Do we know eachother?  or was the follow just random lol RT  I follow back  RT for a shoutout  x can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . do it!! I am.. Think I'm gonna need about ten! Well, nonetheless, I think you guys need to impersonate her and write me a lil something awhh miss Murray thanks for the letter  I'm gunna write u back!! &lt;3 :O nooo! Haha that's crazy! I'll always be the original one though right? :P miss ya ty! Hope school is going well! WHOA !! I LOVE THIS SONG !!:] THANK U  !! For singing this song!! For those of a cricketing persuasion, 1986/7 Ashes hero &  legend  is now on Twitter actually nvm I'm probably going there after school anyway! RT  RETWEET if you love 1D and wish they'd follow you  1D Follow Friday. yh i just studied the ones on moodle although loops ma fhemet shee :p IKR! SO OBSESSED! Watching the new episode now :D lool 6elaa3t entaa el a9lii :p I don't know any of these wordS !! My friday night lookin' nice : Goodnight bro Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl : ) thanks  !!!!!! I &lt;3 your eyes RT  Goo Stemning oppi kåken :D Fair enough. Let us know when you have more time. I want to go to a park with a cool sound track and start a well rehearsed dance routine :-) Me alegroo WHAT HAS THE WORLD COME TO!!?? :D Thanks for the follow! ^_^ You're a Potterhead, right? : ) xx sounds like a win to me! Way to make a public pledge, set a date and plan for it  #D2Q RT  :D  RT“ Friends: RT   sonando  #YoTeLoaria Saludo pa Mi hihi no problem , you can ask me everything ;) im 15 :D Off to work lol thats true, I'm just being a mardy git. Ignore me :P Glad you came blasting on Corry :') they have good taste :p Thanks, Bryan. Hope you're well... #ThingsICantStand people who take forever to reply :-) You don't admire my faffy tweets?  Thank u tho. I'm generally "wise" at night. that sounds like a sea cucumber that ate too much and is all lumpy and sick. But if you like that around your neck, go for it :P thanks :D   Sorry but i don't know the other songs... no it wasn't interested because i'm not looking for a relationship atm if you must know  maybe when he's back from maga Thanks for #FF wore it just for you  so.. You better destroy tonight or.. I will be a tad upset and donate this shirt to someone! #Warning P.S I love you ♥ #NF . follow back : ) #FF  always havin meh laughin follow his ass! No problemo :D thanks hahaha that's a good one :D 🛀 flow 4 minutes to show time :-) on BBC TV News That's wsup GOODLUCK :D #GoIndians Gonna go see contraband tonight with friends Ohh.. Thanks But You Could Of Just @ Me You Kno...lol :P RT  I find you attractive in every way. felisha burgun think I'm inconvenient and troublesome OMG have just made a gluten free cake that you dont snap your teeth on - go me you guys too :D I was just naming people I talked to about it today :D  I know. Its so funny and so noel  do you have facebook my lovely lady? X xAll nails are off. Time to paint my nails Yeah i was getting the idea that you were talking about washington state when you said it wasn't interesting :P thank you for the follow. made my day  x No it's not all over! I think.. :p “ #Aries can trust easy, but once that trust is gone, it's all over.” nice picture of the tree :-) Time to sleep  Sweet dreams everyone thanks Lipe :D The French seam and the flatfeld seam... Sewing is awesome Viendo criminal minds Is the worst kind of person smarty indeed /....god bless u both :P movies tonight oh good! well my friend got these emails like over a month ago so don't think I'm going to get a response..lol! :P - you make sure you are off the barcardi tonight because you and  are drinking green tea these days!  haha! I know I'm amazing I love you too   you going out tonight? Prolly hit up  game with  today :D My baby got all A B Honor Roll SARAH WINS AGAIN :D lol when I typed that it came up as Satan wins again :/ "Mummy, Daddy, don't touch it. It's EEEVIL!" One of the earliest memories I have of thinking "Why does that kid talk so funny?" :D I'm so excited! :D RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. Have a great weekend everyone Facial with mamaaa that's my moto ok Dont follow this account back, follow my other account  instead please, ill follow you on both going to learn my drums soon i think so then i can make some beats of my own Haven't spoken to my twin in a while!  hope your ready for Spring Training!! RT  RT if u happy its Friday!!! perfroms at the #Brits 1day after her birthday :D her present from #UKNavy is her second #Brit Award hopefully :D (delayed comment) Hope was a model in 1996... & Kristian was a model pre-Days... i like your hat. :-) (  live at Aww, thank you Lily. So lovely. Do you two follow one another? I do hope so.  xxx RT   Yes you did, i think most of what i learned was from you Anne Rice - Vittoria ..Novel Very good ;D I want a status after you do!  I have a feeling you may surprise yourself! Road trip with Lindsey  feels good to have some fun Strange day 2day,good deeds done, halo shinning but why did I feel the need to reward myself in eating my own body weight in chinese food Email! I'll DM you the address :-) Flo rida, Jessica Jarrell, and others u prob wouldnt know :D Friends with the new German guy in school!!! :D he's pretty chill and funny! “Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live” hahahaha :D RT  WE TRENDED Believe Tour To Middle East BECAUSE WE BELIEVE THAT DREAMS DO COME TRUE!!   THANK U Haha don't worry :P It's like, the first time this week ~ Hi YOU How Are You? Please FOLLOW My BFF She Is AMAZING:  Follow Her She Is LOVELY & SMART FOLLOW HER thank you! Actually adore my dadsss new car :D RT  #FF      &lt;--- my beautiful fam Ready for the New day  Treat everyday like your last and be thankful for what you have...You just never know. Got told that 3 times today :D Thanks for the #FF. RT  RETWEET if you love 1D and wish they'd follow you  1D Follow Friday. #FF again :P  shes new so go follow hehe was that you? I wasn't sure!! Well, you don't say hi either :P ***Now Following*** FOLLOW BACK shhhh your face ! following :-) "kid" RT"  follow back kid" i get that this spring break! #fiji #bejealous :P Damn this game need to hurry and come  3 more classes before im free :D Cali are in... :S I live in Spain (: I'm girl :D and I'm 13 years! 20 years? u look like my bro! he's 21 years lol I smell like oranges it's okay because I like oranges bum banter? What bum? you don't have one :p I Could Start with All These Relatable Tweets And Stuff But Im Not Into That its just not me so ima keep tweeting what comes to mind :D jeremiah rinehart think I'm imperfect - glad you came on corrie  xx right! Thanks, love you too! xD see u tomorrow  xoxo By Omer  lol ♥ Oh Okay Love ♥ How are you doing Niall?  x Good family and friends are all you need in life alright I'll being more on Monday. LOOOOL :D " #Leo's are great kissers and not only on the mouth. They will love you and lick you all over." The first pianist to perform all the piano sonatas of Beethoven in Paris!! :-) Marie Jaell Why has the MacBook got such a shitty laptop camera?! - on the way to the cinemas!  x RT  The wetter the pussy the better the sex!, RT if you agree Lol, well that is true... But still, 8 HOURS! :D xx followed babe  Love your username!!! Me!  RT  " I just saw a chicks shirt that said "Tweet, Tweet, Hashtag & Retweet". I would so wear that :D" I know  & you was fighting? What's shakin' Aly? Want to PM about it? Or meet up later? Let me know! :D Call Me , Tweet Me If You Wanna Reach Me Oh I see, that was kind of them. But I guess they can buy whatever they want for the baby them self :P sorry but I can't, but I wish you luck RT  RETWEET if you love 1D and wish they'd follow you  1D Follow Friday. Hey guy want to share #sexy #xxx pictures? Here are my #pussy shots       #OHI Kobe's wife (ex) got 75million in settlement!? Man, I need to marry a good NBA star & then get divorced! Hahaha :P We'll see them some other time then! :D French Fries?  French Onion soup?  French Onion dip?  French's mustard?  :p ohh ok!  Thanks for the info! upload a photo! ill call u for ya bday tho Same! I love that song RT  I'm proud of myself I haven't smoked weed in a week  #WINNING OMG I know!!,that would be so awesome!!!  I think Gaga should open a school for just monsters!! Lol.... :P Well, at least there wasn't a fight! my new phone came today enjoy this free time then! :pAnytime. Have a great weekend too : ) RT  #FF :D I'll follow anyone who follows me . pictured in The Jamaican Observer yeye you 2 :D YEY! Now watching SLOZC on Disney XD :D I love this episode!    that one when you plays bowling ^^ S/o To My Cuteee Followerssss hahaha obvs lool :P its soo cold man! Nahh not out just going cinema if he hurrys up lol you coming out 2mo? X I'm over the pain Bad boys are no good
Good boys are no fun
-Mr. Wrong
:P oh you were gonna give them to me? :p i didn'mt get that ^^ splendid :-) I can picture us together living happily ever after! It means Tom's been verified by Twitter that he's the real deal and not a fake painting my nails Seminary with the best friend &lt;3 Kassidy Life doesn't always turn out how u plan it but sometimes it cud surprise u, maybe u can try to be strong till then I love the snow do much I would marry it...or at least get married in it. :D Anyway time for Parks and Rec! :D haha woooohoooo #cherylisobsessed :D thank you for last night. I'm so glad I got to talk to you and show you my tattoo. Now jailbreaking my 4s!! :D will I knock for you around 12:20 and then we'll walk down to Aline together? lol yep! especially if you want it done on time! :P “ So my baby  made a twitter again! :D” :D &lt;3 I do not know what to say, that I love you and please follow me?  Hihi 20. HIIIIIIII  (  live at I love David Healy I have for a long time and nothing anyone can say will change that and if you don't like it then you know what to do lol aight we'll see HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! :D you shoulnt of  had your face near my arm #GetSomeWhere :D thank you :D “ Oh, if I catch you Ian.......................Nina would kill me.” haha :D YES!! RT.. Time to go to the gym with  :D My mum just rang to say she'd read my Diana Mini vs Holga 135 post... and that she would get the Diana Mini if you're ever in the Buffalo area, you should do a book signing for your fans out here. so jealous :( take me with please!!! RT   I know :D but I'm trying to win a competition for my best friends :D if I tweet that I get points I'm good, how are you?xx dustin scudder think I'm coerced #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin One Penguin!! :D Steak & Shake. I`m gonna watch some Telly! but I will be lurking about in the back ground on twitter! :-) Tympanie yeh she got my heart playing a musical symphony, so I hope she got sympathy for a G like me :D :p Gracias por RT upgrade come soon I want the iphone isiah think I'm splendid kickback tonight, can't wait :D trinidad kleine think I'm momentary and languid My liver will be severely damaged after tonight with  ! RT  Chocolate Fest? This tempting "festival" starts today   {Portland in January} #inpdx Hey like YMAS? follow my band  we follow back  pls RT My boo is ah fine human being  .. Good Happy birthday to my DogPound D'ante RT   better follow back ill vote 10 times if you tweet/RT me! :D #savenicola Bouuuh la vilaine :p imu to!!!! & girl O_O its freakin gorgeous!!! U need to cum spring break! :D Wth .. Is Y2J Free DLC #WWE12 ?? Is says they are releasing another DLC Character ... He doesn't just "break the walls down" it's says :D RT   Please follow us and give us a shoutout we're a new charity raising money for MS and want your support! Wandering during sixth &lt;3 Can't wait for next week when I won't even have a sixth :D U still dey use dis 'Format'? RT   guy make I buy ur fone make u get anoda for urself
na! ;) :D hmm who knows . Ok c u later Yo It Would Be So Fuckin Cute If I Get Asked Out On Valentines Day &lt;3 Realized now that shouldn't take life for granted. I love all my friends and family  especially  thanks so much girl Did you cry? I cried the entire way through, with no stops. I'm not joking. :L :P xxxxx Hey Hey Happy Birthday!!! :D Nf  FOLLOW BACK! what's up ? A picture of a picture lol but finally got my senior pics back there you go  2,OOO followers! haha :L what? :P no thanks ? lol . I am that person as well :D Our condo is THE shxt btw RT   lol it means follow friday!  I'm givin you a shoutout Check out my recent high score on Temple Run. Lol The movie "We Bought a Zoo" is a masterpiece  definitely must watch plus the actors leaded by Matt Damon. wow!! Totally Must See RT  Cheers to the freaking weekend Free kisses :-) They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder...well I bet I couldn't look more bolder :-) love what you are doing  can I suggest implementing something like pygments to do syntax highlighting in code snippets? :p " :p " I was jubilatiNn, wen I hrd dey broke up ! Ddnt know i was next"" are you on vacation or? :D Cool. I'm British living in Algeria my niece rocking my fitted. Playing my guitar, which I haven't done in a little while glad you guys enjoyed it Never laughed so much during watching a video diary your so hot! :-) xxx girls give them a break,they look 12 year olds :P they don't know what's it like to be with k-boys &lt;3 nice photo Liam  i think that 1D is great band and i love your songs.. 
Can i ask you something? Which of your songs is best for you? plz can youu RT? youu are amazing  #loveprogreen O.O well....... Darth Maul was My master but then I turned good and became the greatest Jedi EVER! :P New twittcon good idea  RT  Play your love and sing to her. RT   my gf mad at me, wat u suggest i do? kl just watching tv and thinking of doing a twitcam :D you are absolutely correct :-) ... I am part of the solution ... YOU ? ... please become an #EA ...  ... #TOGETHER we help #Earth(lings)Ha! It sort of worked I can tell get over here and see my room RT   aye shorty you bad as hell  &lt;3 I will. I'll see you tomorrow sexy. ano deano has i tweeted him n agana if you join, I'll maybe join mine. Haha RT  Follow  !  He's amazing ! picturee of my world RT   Lmfao we're already following eachother But its still cute :-) @ ms_saengrat. ( DAMN RIGHT) ayye love this comment :-) i wanna stay up all night :D I love when people call me Jen instead of Jenny fredricka evora think I'm superfluous and impertinent you deserve it Dee :-) Haha, that made me laugh - what's curious?  It WAS false (Flowers).  +Rtwng med DID conflate. Gingrich had no probs w/ that. lol bess :P ahh I love how I'm converting you to a pineapple addict too #justsotasty haha thanks u don't have to be sorry  I love spaming ^^ right might go on a #rubbishjokes mission to cheer Jill up RT   Agreed!!! He goes into takeover mode. That's his problem, he's so worried about sharing his throne. #TeamBron!!!! :-) Its absolutely FREEZING in NYC! and its not evening snowing YET! Having 2nd thots about starting my 2012 exercise regime tomorrow! #showerflow ME mE mE!!!! Adding you now! hey candy B hiinnees Indeed :D x haha thanks. nothing. my name on a list. :P Same thats what im going mostly for like 1D Posters & stuff  x I got up early today.  I'm proud :-) RT   sorry i took so long. FOLLOWED. Vien a Evian :p  ( live on :D it's easy right ! tickets to watch a guy scran animals on tv? :p RT  #FF Please follow my neighbours lovely  Really is heaven around here - and 10% discount on bookings at the moment RT  #ff these great peeps         :-) me and  are gonna do twitcam too would you like to watch it? :D ( live on It's my baby man birthday  ) happy birthday babe  I love you . Good afternoon boo lol  how you doin RT  Tonight RT  I love helping people.  :D бля :D amazing memories of that gig  almost 8 months pregnant at the time, so my 3.5yr old has been listening to u before birth! RT   lol good enough Tash.. iya itu org haha...RT  wooo adit centil RT  oke,titidejay salam buat cewe" yg cakep :D hahaha this time? You mean always?  and I love Cali! You should come some day Yaayy got to 200, thank you for all the re-tweets guys  x Thing 4 follow me, i love you  I'll be your One Thing xoxox 13 but it is true  you're just scared to say it ohh sucks yuh could always go to ASU heya, nialler. how are you? :-) EVERYONE SERIOUSLY NO JOKE YOU NEED TO FOLLOW THIS BEAUTIFUL, LOVELY GIRL  WITH BRILLIAM TWEETS!  SHE FOLLOWS BACK! #1Dfamily grab a beer  fuck'em all! Cause You Dont Take Any With Me  RT  Class suck awww omg there's such a big smile on my face  hehe he's such a cutie mwah! lol :D right? such good memories of that show  And Sherri Lewis, what a cutie! well thanks Whahaha :P !! Johnny bo ta kens bosa :P xD Believe Tour To Middle East ♥ Listening to music ! :D TY I'm goood! YES OMG Haha I've been super exited all day! It's next friday, this time in a week i'll probably be inside already! :D xxx Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl   follow me please...te amo♥14 Never give up, the Gods of Random may pick you. They always seem to like me anyway RT   itz coming soon on #magikmomentz lol (owww! RT   lots of #ff so here's yours from us to you have a fantastical we x &lt; thank you, very nice Lol, shhhh. He is :p Been vaping a 50/50 mix of  Black Mamba OTR and  Prothol lately lol Black Mantis and Provari PV's :D RT  Love one directions xfactor performances. gsfggdgddgdxg my favorite one is viva la vida and  Chasing Cars :D awesome, thanks! :D RT  never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them ! alright alright alright Why don't u believe that i'm not one tiny bit mad at you.....  ♥ “ I STILL can't walk straight..” haha :D RT   ; aw, thank youu. You're cute I'm eating minstrels I finally said hi :D RT  rt if you can tell who is who Actually doing my hair tonight Doooood! To late! :p "better off dead" is wonderful! your style is different, i'm a fan! #ElevenRoses is killing it! Let's collab hahaha ok if u say so .. :P pros to parwn vlepw ''The Guardian'' 8a tin vrw auti pou les kai 8a s pw xxx Yummy tailgate @ work! gotta love free food! Watchin hey arnold in french! tweet back :P Let me know how u go tomorrow jammer!! #findthefloor :-) You're welcome  x Dear public transportation...please work for me today *welcome : ) Actually, I can imagine your face looking like your profile pic afterward :P x ya I never really got on here. Haha. I'll start tweeting samuel think I'm lavish Basketball game tonight with walking along ayala ave w/ aubrey &   at this hour?? ) #chilllang not arguing...discussing...  :-)can u follow back so i can send u my setup? Ive never gotten obsessed with a person before!Although there is one person I think about a lot but I wont go into that :P thank you so much laid up w' my baby & ebony  .. watchin WSHH videos lmao #TooFunny a lot has happend in this year enjoyed it ! well done to you i dont wanna spam u but i really want you to notice me lol, i sent off ur birthday card today  xx night abeth. ima try that from now on. Thanks did you get any response lol RT  So happy today :D Things are looking up :D #LML When The World Slips You A Jefferey; Stroke The Furry Wall Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl   follow me please...te amo♥17 Welcome :D RT   Thank U Very Much For Return'n Da Luv(= ***Now Following*** FOLLOW BACK Oh yeah so happy You Me At Six - The Consequence on tv :D love every video thanks  enjoy the weekend.x Hey can you RT & Follow our new band that we have started we need followers 4 support , links 2 our music up soon :-) Bop the Robot :-) ! Oh, thank you :D only just seen this haha, you gay! (C) if my life. You just wait and be patient. It will all turn out just fine - Twitter je ovisnost! RT  glad to hear that one outcome of #ukgc12 has been the establishment of the Government Disruptors Support Network or GDSN #gdsnuk RT   Nice to have connected via #30SecondMom  Gr8 to see how many #Mompreneurs there are out there!  Talk soon He came n smellin lik a pound oh the smell of some good as weed Yeah..foreplay is the most important fo da startin' to make a fly..  RT  Maka dari itu forplay
sangat penting untuk Please See this video! We made it with so much Love for You    55 my wish is to see her live one day (: aww i can just imagine (; hehe i saw glee & Harry potter premiere in london! And thanks :D talking to an old coworker she...trying to use my connects to get in the gov for an internship Mario, grow you hair out like in your default again c: :D i know its shit being homesick and sunderland is a dump haha but we love you here at sunderland! please stay! Don't microwave it, por favor. I've got 2 weeks free of school and I'm so happy someone doesn't know how to reply to tweets -.- :p I have the spell checker so it's going to be tough :-) but never mind native speaker are not always brilliant either RT   “  Yes. The Live Stream for the Berlin Press Conference will be here:  ” #FF  as her name suggests she's is a fucking bitch! But with one hell of a filthy sense of humour :-) Indeedooo  Oww just school, but yeah we watched a film in the Dutch course, so Chill :') xxxxx hiiiiiiiiii ♥ please follow me :D (  live at The Voice Of Holland!!!!!!!!! :D ♥ I was supposed to get many things done but I've been working on trending "Believe Tour To Middle East" since 9! :p RT  Been packing and stacking all morning for the soldiers over seas " Love and appreciate the support rolling in for #TremontiProject. Thank you all for spreading the word!" Looking fwd to it Im okay thanks  just a bit tired  You? x following back hahaha, it's not very interesting, no one you know very well! Slowly becoming a lesbian following  ....s'all gd thou 99 Who has no homework this weekend? This girl  #TooSchoolForCool  jessie think I'm overszealous 1D Follow Friday #FF RT  8 more followers folks and I've hit the 200 mark . . whooo hoo any chance of a RT . . X :-) 11/5|2/26  #dailytweet Off to watch x-factor yo Wyd tonight ? Me and jas were talking about you SPA day con heyho! How are you? Bergen County bound cant wait to do this w/ my tesoros :D RT   Too bad you're not napping at Southside. No construction here. Chris Browns new album FORTUNE coming soon Love jessie j's new songs domino and sometimes dreams come true :D Thanks :0)  Feeling happy  xxx #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Hey Mukes Followers lmfaoo :D RT  I wonder why  called me Aaron today .. ? Lol . Best believe, everything I got I bought it  #MissIndependent follow female rapper Good news on the top of Queen Anne!  RT  Open 12-9. Phew. “ CT turns on a stunning Friday eve  for launch of #Hood7. Sinking  & sipping  wine.” Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl #Niceee (Fab Voice) lol thanks Big Sis ahhh, so sweet..have fun tonight : ) RT  Happy anniversary to my parents. 50 years and they still like each other!!! Beliebe tour Around The World nope, I'm not kidding didn't realise it was a he :L makes me smile, but your funnier, haha phish food :D nom RT  7 Grams In The Blunt RT  #ThingsICantStand... when people lick their fingers so they can pass out papers or count out money. #KeepYoCoodies :-) If I won the big 1 Million a year for life I would be smiling my big Irish smile ear to ear I love  she's sooo nice Teeth probably more effective in your case. #RT follow moi je follow back mes 2 prochains followers !!! bling me, pimp me whatever im trying to lvl up today pleeease   #fubar you already know babes  i heart cuddling with jmills! yeah I will tomorrow :D and Gdgd :') xxx kory sabates think I'm coexistent and correlative looking for people to follow on tumblr. send me ppls links or yours #FF  I love him and his tweets are super funny :-) Finally up Thanks for your participation and the support! We can't wait either   The songs sound great! Yes maam. joo Sweats, here I come : ) Playboy bunny blonde? RT  dying my hair #CuteFollowerbirthday meal with the besties tomorrow and tea party with  :-) 6 days early! Thank you, Becky, I really appreciate it :P coby Coby Kyros 7-Inch Android 2.3 4 GB Internet Touchscreen Tablet - MID7012-4G (Black) RT   Happy everything to you!! I love this movie I get to stare at Zac Efron Yay have my phone back connected Very sexy shoes Prolly just bomed my spanish exam. It was a midterm anyway, so oh well :P #killemwithkindness xxx RT  Tgif In My Eyes It Never Happened Soooo #ITNEVERHAPPENED ooh chapter 10, tension! things are heating up!!! thanks. pleaseeeeeeee tweet my baby sister  , its her birthday and it's her only wish :D !! I ain't clicking no link from you, whether it's a spambot or not :P RT  lmao BITCHES AIN'T SHIT BUT HOES AND TRICKS get me one well alrighty then. You Are A Busy Man.  x x hahahahahahaha omg. umm i run a bunch of different times- 6:50, 7:40, 8:45, 9:30, 10:25 #NF  my childhood dream is complete On my way to the Post Office to send off a batch of The Tenderloin Bar Experiment book! Ordering more copies from my publisher as well. hahaha girlie I'm trying I've got all mah meds now i should be back on monday :D !!!!! 
#nothingtooserious RT   done =) O:p RT"  :p “  #Libra's can hold a conversation with anyone.”" oh right, thought it was... Seriously, tell me though :P no we rnt but plz wait cuz Luu is at her grandma's house n the vid is still uploding plz be patient twitter beefs are fun :D hi Dan the Man with the Van  xx As long as I'm the thimble! :D RT    Show me in the rules where it says you NEED to have half-elves. ;) dessie think I'm irrational actually is :p you should deffo watch miss congeniality!! That's one of my fave films PS: if you're feeling a little augh, may I also recommend penguins? cool I'll text u l8r about it  and awesome u will like it, it's creepy x #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK RT  VerySpecial #FF #SPNFamily -  #HellGang : /The NICE :P xD person:  /The close friend:  /The amazing Twin:  &lt;3 definitely got that right! Ahah! thanks RT   thankkkk youuuu babbbbbbayyyyyy!!! DEFINITELY the best fast food place! It's the only fast food I enjoy eating :p My new neice or nephew! Happy Friday Folks - start of a lovely weekend. Grateful to know you. Thank you, hug yourself, you ttly deserve it &lt;3 much love - Sachin :-) ok , good luck & i need a full mark, ok Candles lit,  glass of wine #zzzzzzz   ! Xx Cc  Yay! :P RT  Guys/girls with dimples,yay or nay? RT  RETWEET if you love 1D and wish they'd follow you  1D Follow Friday. Feel like  won't notice me any more, was lovely while it lasted  x #MrCelebUK im sooo happy its worldwide! i usually can never enter any 1D competitions and its my birthday tomorrow  2 thanks for that!  u ok? Ok, now I see the article clayton chipps think I'm open-minded I won't read it till next month and how about I not tell you when “ All my girls frm the 334 need to drop it right now!”&lt;&lt; *proceeds*  lol Lol I think when you save up that money , you can say your ballin cause i sure do Haha :p I will tell u when I see ya tonight  lol God damn, I will live in Seattle on day! It's about a 24 hour drive from southern cali to Washington. :P my pleasure  cuz it def is too easy sometimes, but gotta regroup and stay focused! Universal soldier is worth seeing just for Jean Claude's ass that's a big negative ghost rider…  #illtakeyourwordforit Lovely new pair of vans today thanx to the boy once again hahahaa i texted you ! :p *shrugs slowly* All my exams hav finished! (for now anyway) im soo sick of revising, but its all over now!  - J someone help me get back up to 300 followers? :-) bryon mingledorff think I'm dislocated Work.  just trying to pay off my convention decision, lmao. HOW ARE YOU. i'm a goner 
life to short to wait any longer Jaja gracias! :D Sleepover tonight with my favorite ! snow is awful.. & even  agrees with me.... Love watching NCIS and Zac Efron pops up seriously now you need to stop eating, ppl there gonna think "Eh Da Homa Ma 3ndhomsh Akl Hnak" :p So sad that I can't be there :D Why I'm living in France ='( From JB with love :D Brunch with my parents  I'm glad we're on the same page now. Thx! I agree :-) prove it please Niall, tweet me "holi" PLEASE  48 I DO I DO I DO!!!!!!! Yeaa... Just a cover punk bet :p that's gd  I've got an interview for my third yr in Bristol! Not far frm cardiff!! Yup defo beach bod needed!! Xx By 10 wow ok today its dFrent I guess Had fun with peeps cc   Champagne showers :D New Product:  Silver Filled Box clasps and Vermeil Components!!! Check out Facebook for pictures  : ) I bought better seats for the 22nd yesterday yh u 2, 2012 will be a great year for us all! :-) looking forward to catching up nxt wk! good RT  ♦♢♔ Awkward Moment's ♛⚜★ When y0u laugh so HARD you l0se your v0ice and you sit there CLAPPING like a Dumbfolded Seal ツ (G) :P follow back THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING! :D &lt;3 Fantastic!!!! U get my vote. Egan for awesome #twitterpal too hi cheli...lots of things are changing, look at evp, sunshine na. Whatever's happening ...wait and see nalang :-) holy shit :O you'll need to how me how to do this glitch :p :D RT  I bet that the guy who proposed SOPA was an extremely boring one who doesn't use the internet! Finally, SOPA is DEAD :D ohh. take care, mommy RT  " #FF 4 my favorite Drags ♥       thank u :-) pics going up tonight of our first fundraiser today!Pretty sure! somethingalwaysbringsmebacktoyou asked: thanks so much for reblogging my post love :D means a lot ♥ I'll be bored with this 1 soon then ull see :p RT  Wiff    and It had an injury on top of its head unless every1 else is blind im gd thankyou hows things with you? :-)  X RT  18 subscribers away from 4,500!!! Think we can get there today?! : ) RT  Really want to go to the signing at the  shop just so i can say ive been Frimponged #FF my babyyy  !! She thinks I secretly hate her lmao but I don't nape ni emo2. Chillax k dear! Thanks (˘⌣˘) RT   attii'' yoo it doesn't matter In 7th period with my BestFrendd LOVE my Johnny Cash shirt, but this whole short in the torso thing is not that cool. Whatevsss still rockin the F out of it :p Lol... No! Well im bout 2 go and get my stuff outta there... My avi with Cobe hat No prizes for guessing what you've had for supper Jim - hope it was a gooey one HELLO! Thanks for the follow! Hope your day is going awesome!! :D gefeliciteerd :-) eae Boa tarde You are the best My.FR i'm on my way to a track meet while jammin out to your "my world" cd... never gets old&lt;3 Can't wait for #BELIEVE  30 “ Not long now! Remember it's just a TV show. Only the emotional damage is real. #Sherlock” 

 haha I love this man OMG. DID THAT JUST HAPPEN. Love having a SNOW day when it's NOT snowing :D that's not bieber on your picture Thanks for the #FFs. I hope you're all well :-) just seen this! bet they're keeping each other company  thanks babe xxx  Listening to  always makes me feel better  can't wait for his cd #wannabeyours 15 more days Can't belive  tweeted me!!!! Ahhhhh!!! :D shows how much he loves all of his fans  Thankyou!!xx Been to the beach Anthony? Had a sandwich with #Marmite in it today! Wooooh! Go Marmite! :P x told you it's good! what make you beautiful! RT  4 minutes to show time :-) on BBC News Hello Gavin would you PLEAE RT  by 2x13yr olds who fund raise for all rescue animals.Thank you :-) nf it keeps freezing :P I love that bitch name esha #FF this boy I grew up with   he real Coool . its on here   xx jha the voice of holland!! We blijven comentaar geven!!! :D and I liked it. WUP WUP HELL YEAH DIRECTIONER FOREVER! :D #Slovenialoves1D YAY ! Jacob is my running buddy today :D RT  Thank god for  while driving to work jammin Noooooooo.....???  assume you have? &lt;3 No, don't start with that  We're the same so You're as fantastic as I am ♥ home sweet home, hahahaha at the hudson residence :-) So I can not wait till Feb 10th, seeing my girlfriend  & my boo  &lt;3 :D :D you're perfect MORE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ followed #LRT &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; LMFAOOOO SO HER FEELINGS ARE HURT HUHH.? Hahaha *shrug thanks so much  hopefully get some more people to take part too :D x u have something against ur leg don't u??? Last time breaking it, and now spraining ur ankle :P cecil stoffle think I'm feebleness and folly I luv my hair dyed black! Perhaps.   They've actually been pretty complimentary of each other thus far, all things considered. RT Feeling ugly? Go chill in walmart for 2 hours, You'll feel ALOT better! Hey brandon how u been?long time no see :-) RT  I need that in my life ..... Cuz i dont have shit to do lol..and mis newby is cool :-) shes on the phone too ..lol haha and howcome u got picked up ealy ? thankyou :p whens your next part tomorow ?  xxxxxxxx Salut Ade It really, really sucks that today is his last day here, but I'm happy for him.  You'll definitely be missed!! #stayawesome Check out my boy  new song "Niners in Paris" This is hot! :-)  #BeatTheNYGIants :D #MrCelebUK  1DFAMILY #HappyBirthdayRobBourdon!! :D You Are The Best! i like cali girls thanks for the #ff dear :D if u guys are not too busy is it possible to get pic with and jorge? Before or after the event?! check out my fb page fam show ur support by liking or sharing..or both youur so cuute playing yourr gameee  #WOW well anyway.. I'm going to get your laundry. #loveyou Yea buddy poppa gets his check today and that only means one thing more money for me Dear music;
Thanks for being there when nobody else was :D Its so nice to have a blackberry again :D thanks understandable. Maybe, a personal assistant would help too is the best place to watch great music and great shows :D what about #cresum12? Finally some patties RT  Thanks to     &  for the lovely #FF shout outs awwh what's she like? :') did they name her yet? TYVM for mention! :-) Wishing you a •*¨*•.¸¸#FantasticFriday!!¸¸.•*¨*• Me & Watching medium with my mom! :-) just came from DMV &at mickey Ds now #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin One Penguin :D SHERBERT HEY, i have a good idea ! bring me some food ?! :D rsrs você que é 1 linda aww you're so sweet little Matthew " S/o to  for finally passing his temps testt #5thtimesacharm  #soproud" it was 4 !! New ink lemme go jump in the shower foreal tho.... pick out an outfit for tonight.... just in case if i dont go no where this weekend i will love to go see somebody , : ) ok where to? Lebanon !!!! ♥ follow me plzz ? :D I love u thank you thank you thank you !!!!! ♥13 GoodMornight i wan sleep since she's is still sleeping  ByeFollow back ? selar: breta maš možnost zapnout pokemony a zkusit spojení? :D Offline YW Chuck Thats awesome news. Congratulations Minister Andrews :-) thank you :D I got 99 followers maybe u will get me to 100 yaaay x have a blast! Blow dryer sharing sounds like fun haha :D you don't have to i was joking xx just doing my best to make you proud :p I also may have already opened it... pub is always a good option :-)  I am in -I Wanna Get To Know A Girl And Date And Everything Before Sex.....Hahaha Okay I Lied Look what I got!!! :-) :-) :-) :-)! But idk who sent them! O_o LOL! Swedish player Mervan Celik signs for Rangers. Never thought Rangers fans would chant that name. SNP's anti-sectarian policy works  #SNP RT  Favorite Songs of All Time - Slow Motion (Karina Pasian) , Ready For Love (India.Arie) , & So Beautiful (Musiq Soulchild) :-) &lt;3 Love & appreciate you too :D It's Harry & I'm calling 3 fans tonight. Want me to call you? Follow  and RT this! Always good to hear that. lol, it's not that long, I'm putting up a longer one tomorrow when I have time :D xx Can't wait to go Birmingham with Reece So I heard SOPA is dead o.o   internet wins!!! :D Thank you  hahaha that's hilarious you slllllllllllut Last day for 2 Email Readings for Only $25 ($50 Value). Phone and Chat readings are also available with later hours. i don't think so! RT   i know who is Anahi  she's awesome Yeh alright smarty pants :P yes :D i agree !! a good costume for Bill :D but He would be scary hahaha :D i want that snake ring :D see I was right never one around eh!  x At the airport. Next stop lool 'my girl' ahaaa if u must :P  hey did you find out if they will be at palmy or do you want me to help you?  &lt;3 xxx it's all good man, relax don't know yet...gotta get through a month in Houston first nvm its working love you more and more and moore &lt;333 PUNT :D Happy bday ko   wish u all the best GBU Why do you trust people ? Ana mo5abarat tara :D — because there is no reason to not trust them .. :P o... Thanks buddy RT  the awkward moment when my parents call me by my middle name all the time, so i assume im in trouble. :P keep you warm in this cold weather though But you are not alone  &lt;3 - you guna pay !? :D nf  &lt;3 follow bck ? hahaha no clue where you get those jokes Zack.. :p “ #FF  she's another very nice person! Follow her or die a lesbian”  xxxx Barely remember last but I kno I met someone name cheese ha ha RT  Two day week is finally over  #suckthaaat oookkkk coooooo..n IDK,I wanna do Houston,Dallas n Miami baby...LOL...I wanna do Miami FOR SURE #SPRINGBREAK :-) RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss I do. it's not cool cuz you can't wear whatever you want.. :P everyone better be chugging down whatever we having! :D Thanks for the RT  I'm glad you liked it I'm totally with you - I played that album on a loop for about a year Thank you :D jailbreaking my iPhone :D anytime bae :-) yup  * ;)) lool :D RT   jaja ok please Niall, tweet me "holi" PLEASE  58 Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl   &lt;3 #NSN ! Welcome Thanks :-) I liked your point that he should've had the concerns sooner happy birthday! Genial the SOPA is dead :D Would be even better if it was in Brazil RT  two checksssssssss supafreak!! RT  got a second job today  #holla congratss to my daddyy for getting 2011 boy tennis coach of the year for the state of wv :p Thanks for the retweet It will be ok though. Made a's on both my quizzes this week. Now time to celebrate me  #21 but first a nap. #Beastly is on  now what an awesome lead cast and lovely story :-) hehe..who said there was sth funny? just want to th meaning :D loool when you come to scotland you can get an amazing pizza from pizza hut  that's if u ever do :( Of course babe RT  I finally recorded a video of Down Goes The Phoenix, a game we did at SPJam  Here: Try get people to sign this haha... iss song ka naam "Vish waala song hai" :P Romania  you? Man Mark is theee best for taking me to Chipotle  yummm! RT   of course RT  This girl right her &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; RT  #FF  she cool af Boarding flight at Indianapolis airport! On my way back home Today at 9 AM, the world saw how the web won and SOPA walkout Will send pics wen I'm all dolld up!!! Im working off of about half an hour of sleep right now. Its going surprisingly well! I've had such a good day in Southampton My Car!!! RT   omg u tweeted me! Ahah fangırlıng! Ahahha. Ur awesome at sıngıng too!  xxx plz follow bak? xx Photo:  wants you to #spank her please!  happy #thongthursday! I love how my mom hasn't notice that it's 2:30 and I'm already home Check out this sexy clock I got! Time to sleep!  Mt. Province later! I gave them urs awhile ago hahaha :P yes popcorn is the best thing for twitter. Someone somewhere is always outraging something. ugh. not fair at all. we can switch states for a while.  lolya Allah, zait w zaatar I have been craving for it for a long time. I might go with indomi  thanks !! My stomach owes u one :D Think i'll treat myself to sum zaxby's  #hungryTWEET what's good Sweetheart RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss I was just told about them today by a friend at school! :D Thanks! Wish you a great weekend thanks my red headed red bone who said you could correct me? Asshole. T__T ew! I don't like plums! :p What was your favorite bit? Mine was the Elijah's scene! :D &lt;3 "   smh" Yummy fusilli grill for lunch!! So good RT  Want me, Niall and Louis to follow you? Just follow   then RT this! :D .x I've been absolutely phenomenal !  what school are you at? RT  Thank you so much! I'm feeling really lucky and special  Thanks! You the you the best  I don't need to mention who you are The only place you can truly get the True Caribbean Experience  is at Bolongo Bay Resort Wish i'd have actually worked it out though :P Love Tumblr for all its insights! The voice of holland kijken setuju kakak  RT  Parents, problems, friends, fakes, boys, love, crush, dating, (cont) ah right, that's alright then #FANTASTICFOLLOWFRIDAY  go follow one of the best guys ever! Good night bu model  RT  Gud nite all.... heeeey  I'm pretty good! wbu? well.. not really xx Take me a picture Walking With  in Qortuba and omw to   #Bard :D - i want you to follow me so bad, you are my inspiration and i love you loads!  &lt;33 #38 You can say 'Argentina Rocks' and not want to sound rude but you could follow me? Fulfill my dream i love you  xx 18 yiiahh Happy early birthday heyy niallerr, come to  and  's birthday party!? :D .x LOL I love them both equally bes I want to stick with one cus its so muddled up :P u better come , i love you Been smart lil boy you just catchin up Happy Birthday to the Wonderful Comedian Santhanam &lt;3
I Think... Ehh... She is Speaking British ENglish &lt;3 The 2 pb&j's i just ate new dvds RT  Good Luck tonight to our Dancing Queen  I'm sure you'll be amazing. RT  I'm so nice Thanks :-) thank you!!! :D " Iron Lady & The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo are must sees." Thanks, John! Hope you're doing well lol then do it broski! and if you don't feel better, call me and yell at me like a psycho person... RT  Everyone help trend #iLoveArianaBecause... I LOVE YOUUUUUUUUUU RT  RT If You Have Skype My sister went to Hawaii for her honeymoon Friendly's with triciaa had to put my dawg quirra up on game , cause you know i fucks with her in my belly! :D make you some next week? You've got a Mate here what's up with your mobile? :P happy with the edit? Was sound all right? I'm fuckin nervous cause of it! loving your mix on  right now! sent request ! that's easy: Way of Life of course :-) follow bad girls club #bgc new twins  n  #twinning wavy you always look gorgeous with it curly i love you! :-) x RT   icon : 8/10 saw joyful noise this w/e gr8t flick keep em coming u do south jersey proud thanks raleigh aveline think I'm separated RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! tuesdays  well their my fav college days but i also like saturdays  xx The beauty of having a blog that nobody reads is that nobody sees your imperfections. :-) I'm about to start answering all the questions.. I'm getting a A in this class!!! you're welcome - of course it's all gone now but i will definitely be making it again send some to Brooklyn, NY. Thanks :D RT   U GOTTA LOVE TREEN :-) :-) ah, you're awesome!  thank you so much for watching!!  :D Siapa lg klo bkn sie idung (`(••)´) besar  :D RT  #MentionTo your friend who can blow the flute with their nose. wellll I'm good now The iPhone 4S and iPad 2 untethered jailbreak for iOS 5.0.1 is now available at #mobilephonesolutions :-) Soooo I went HAM on grinding today.
School concert was live NF  ....LOVE the MIDDLE NAME! SAME AS MY FIRST NAME, JUST SPELLED DIFF! true 15 years doesn't feel like long  x RT  #FF damn, that's vital information too.  I have a friend that works there so let me investigate quick lolol Awesome than :D That would be super. Thanks Photo:  Selena loves u, n soon she follow you…… #mySUPERWISH : I wanna have a BB9900 from GLOBE   !  80 thank you thanks   and  for the #FF .. EVERY day is Cheese Lover's day in OUR house!  : ) yeahh, he was real forgiving. it was surprising. just wanted to clear tthat up though Me you fake hoe lol punk ass cousin RT  Who wants to go out to eat w/ me tomorrow  ? heyyy im here  &lt;3 (  live at we're already out us kid!! Starting nice & early so probs b in a state by time u meet us :p lmaoo yea I know LIAM YOU ARE HOT I LOVE YOU youre glowin but nice it looks good! Don't trip :DD Made another beat just finished it :D Been working on it all morning (: my brother saw swicthfoot in concert Please don't failed ♥ #teamfollowback &lt;morning&gt;  ♥ RT   this is wat im wondering !!! :Dthis is my ghost saying OMG sooooooo HOT!!! the konzert in hamburg was amazing &lt;3 
it was a jepic day :D 
I love you John &lt;3 RT  RT  - how do you become a good hacker? &lt;&lt; practice, practice, practice. But start by reading the Hacker Manifesto RT  Tomorrow night shud be good :D Missus home soon...Aunt Bessie style sunday dinner soon to be on “  When you get out?” 10 mins!! :-) RT  Always on my mind RT   don't hate on diddy *does diddy dance* take that take that  lol he sux!!!!!" thats what anonymous said they fuck them up good :D :D nothing can ruin today . omg I am too happyy : ) thanks ff ohh yerr! Hahahaha that just fails badly! :L hahaha  x She's not dumb, just..sheltered I suppose. Her Biochem teacher will snap her out of that I think. Mr. Worth is...vocal. Ight heres another one... Are you a camera cuz everytime I look at you I smile :-) Clarse. A girl after my own heart lol :-) xxx target RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly " 3000th tweet goes out to my favorite followers :   and  " -I Feel Important &lt;3 :D looking forward to! :D followed you  could you follow  pretty please? :D same :P yeaahhhh i voted 4 her....i really want her to get the part  damnnnn :( kaaay  i will do, what favour ?? I'll have sweet and sour pork, special fried rice and sesame toast! :D What an amazing fiance! : ) RT  Flowers from my guy lol am Happy for middle
east beliebers.. They
did it ooh what we having cupcakes for??  lol RT  its friday :D .. & no school monday ! you're allowed a strop as long as you get back to it so welcome back along for the ride destination weigh in week 3 Well, let's make up for that, shall we :D smile its friday hey could you rt my drawing so  sees it? I'm enjoy this 3 day weekend : ) #FF #FFarab #FOLLOWFRIDAY #FOLLOW 



تابعوهم فهم يستحقون Thanks  The EP is top drawer. It was a tough decision picking our fave rmx. We love the original too I wish I had tickets :( but I wish  the best of luck! Congrats to everyone who gets to go see him! Have fun This is not Tangled related but i wanted to point out that this account had been rudely hacked, but it should al be good now. Hola guapo, como estas? How are you Niall? I love you, You're so perfect, beautiful &lt;3 Love you  x 2 It's friendly :-) RT  You can join #WeeklyBlogClub at any time - find out more on the About page: Photoshoot time #soready :-) ohh yea I have to see you this weekend.......... Lmfaoo jk live yaaa  yes I'm comming ! my mums is the best irish stew! :D taking pictures  talking to dara on oovoo RT   I miss you more best friend it is.. thank u ok. Yay!  I'm trying to convince my friend to do it. Lol. : ) RT  Family love always put a smile on my face  addicted2chiz A Day Out With The Lady Knights  This Should Be Interesting hi niall. how are you doing today? I'm my finest brightest ever thank Allah.. ^0^ You ? :D Share each day with me, each night, each morning. you SNORE as well as you ROAR dear Salman RT  #FF make a niqqa smile ; when im feelinq down #thuqpassion 163077: Fri Jan 20 19:42:21 GMT  Realtime Bitcoin block count. Get started at “ Happy Birthday  (:” Thank you ! : ) RT  Broke Bitches Favorite line is.. "I Deserve Better"... Noooo, you deserve a N*gga just as Broke as you Bitch! ohh my sis watched it at kinox.to  Its like kino.to Listening on wishfm, so COYS! So excited even if it's just a friendly  #langtreepark random..therla might have some meaning :P ITS FREEEEEZING :O :O STOPP PLS :P (  live at im on a diet too. You are my baby. Never wanna leave you &lt;3 :D RT  Solo shoutouts for anyone who gives us a shoutout just saw a swedish interview and u where very good at swedish questions! :D I love Fridays. Always full of such weekend optimism followback? #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Foundd my Cupcake earring ! :D PLEASE FOLLOW ME! I love you Niall! You're so lovely and amazing!  2 we'll see her Monday Thank you! It's not weird at all :D I love you too! ♥♥ Perfect idea, perfect day, and a perfect lady, what more can a guy want? Ago, but I didn't end up getting there because I wanted to wait and hear from you  xxxx light of the world on 

Amazing song please follow me? Would make my day!! Hope you feel better soon though  #fazercravers to local whites and americans and maybe a few english and germans Hopefully, I get my #Laptop today  imiss my bby Every Puerto Rican owns a stripped Cadigan :D RT   cool , have fun RT  Wish I cOuld be at hme cuddlen wit my babe instead Of being at skOol , :p cartoon  lol I love this ish off out to lovely Thai restaurant on Portobello rd for my mum's birthday, num num I`m good, thanks for asking. Listen to the new track - Groove Is in The Heart on ty I have until may/June time ill be down to stay on weekends I guessssss Jackson, I guesssss. yeah :/

If it was a bit closer I might have but its a bit too far :p done, u lost followers katherine think I'm quackery and incompetence Closed &lt;3 Why they just wont let me tweet  no more ? I mean thats all i wanted to say Good luck to this punk  at her game RT  #FF to The Boss  Guter Junge! Folgen bitte WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! you girls are greaatt!! are you going to do it for sports day? please say yes :D xx Even if i don't like you i won't let you starve ill buy you food :D Once I grab 
my paycheck I'm bringing over whiskey and beer and we are watching The Room. You don't have a choice. Hi YOU How Are You? Please FOLLOW My BFF She Is AMAZING:  Follow Her She Is LOVELY & SMART FOLLOW HERnow, if only I had an  or  cd to add to the mix, my office afternoon listening would be complete. Its final. Im going to be a tourism, leisure, and event planning major and a recreation along with business minor! I like both colours :-) And she has great curves! punk speaks his mind! :D Confirmed: 'On The Road' To Premiere At Cannes Film Festival On May 23!  Can't wait to see Kristen in #OTR!! :D #FeelGoodFriday! :D Random I know, currently jamming to the Time Warp! ;D xx Amused with waterr  &  :D Realmntee no see qee lee ven ! :D “   Your an BTR fan? :/!” Sure :D are you from Germany ?? You can say 'Argentina Rocks' and not want to sound rude but you could follow me? Fulfill my dream i love you  xx 29 Abouta get some chickfila with leoo :D #winning you tagged the wrong person haha :D But thankyou'!!&lt;3 TMJ program with  24 hour personal counseling and support :-) hope it clears up so. U just wait ur beautiful n sexy ass there n relax n listen to DA radio :-) have a nice day haha hell yeah ! We will definitely take lots of pics Thank you muchly Clare 
#ff don't joke an I see good good let me guess.. Rice, pizza, chicken or toast.. One of those huh? :P ♥♥ xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx I love you more! You're beautiful cute tho Thanks :-) x AGREGUENME al Live Profile  LPKGE3XJ Yeah I know. My Let's Play won't be as popular as yours though. Although, my attention is currently on that Steam Sale. :D I love how my Bubby  calls me outta no were  Gotta love'em ! Believe Tour to Ecuador!!! :D I'm doing a cool octopus :D I agree with this!!!! :D Hahahaha I can't retweet but I do have my own :-) 40 more followers please I'm good  its probably been like a whole year!! RT  How to be followed by us: 1) Retweet this. 2) Follow  for us! 3) Tweet us 'done' if you did! RT  Round of Applause, is my Song  .........When this come on I get kinda loose Igot some SEXY ass followers ughhh if icould just have em all! Maybe ill experiment RT  #FF these beautiful Girls Hello  !!! Are u ready for the 28th???!!!!! NRJ Music Awards 2012!!!! :-) the blackout is trending Awhhh  I can't wait till next year I hope you'll be on the team too Photography it's cool! i like it :D! good luck! :D and thanx :D Amm i don't know exactly but i think that administration :D next week is gonna be hell... so i am just gonna enjoy the weekend YEEEEEE :D Check your texts too.  AND respond to them. she's awesome! if you´re alone tonight, can i be by your side?... scuchando electronica  recordando buenos tiempos bro I did the QCT 5 my senior year ooooh yum, I want some Irish Stew! Haha that sounds delicious Thats just not true! You are an amazing and genuine guy! Any girl would be lucky to have you  x Lmao! It was funny! :p On my way to work Niall ! Please say something in Spanish for me ! :D 3 :o tomorrow, yeah do it I think it'll look good! ohh.. Good luck with that! (Y) :D #FF  he will always be ma #BOOGOTTI NO MATTA WAT You are awesome!! :D That's ma girl! She's stunning. Its Snowing :-) gudnight my evil frnds.. :p take care all love u alot ♥♥ RT   I knooww  #CantHelpIt #tosmart4you cause they're assholes and would rather me get a DUI! But guess who's not working tonightttt is my BFF!  x love her to bitzzzzz!!!!!!  
Love yaaaaa!! 
For future avoid any of my chili tricks....
I know you love me xoxo Achievement Unlocked: Desert Locust  via  // I am the 2% :-) I might go snowboarding in PA during winter break! :D they're taking pictures of your bad driving to send to the cops so u get more tickets :D thanks xx going ham.... im about to read the thing now Agreed... extensions like you say. Enablers. Good analogy :-) You're welcome and yes I have many Tyler friends on that account :p PiNk / Right here *waves arm in the air*  RT  Where is "run up, get done up"  ? #np Rihanna featuring Ne-Yo - Hate That I Love You Looking for inspiration? Kepp it up anyway. Maybe try out for Idol with one Alhamdulilah its great, wbu? Lemme take this time out to apologize to any niggas that I dissed because of who I was with at the time..that shyt dead Af now! And he calls me his gf &lt;3 I guess that's his way of hinting it being official. Yeah they are, Sheka braid fast My Momo is the besttttttt!!!!!! That's good.  Yeah I think it'll all turn out fine. I've never believed anything else. RT  Vinnie always talking about me....:/ lmaoooo I wanted to bite his damn cheek off yesterday thanks, bby Anyone who gets me a D'deridex i will love you For ever :D Thank you sir  Lol great stuff. Voice not so great so just resting it - for once!! Haha if you get some play time, come down Praise God indeed!!  RT  I just need to say it. Praise God! Awwwww. RT  my friends got each other they dont need me so ill just disappear & dont bother looking for me when im gone #Patriots #Giants in the Super Bowl... :-) does it also apply to atheists? mika! I miss you!!!! Comeback to chile Yes sir , yes they are #AquariusSeason is here :D #TeamAquarius we're ready! Let's go!!♥ thanks for the #FF! thanx  #FF          + Grüße von #philognosie Coincidentally, my horoscope.. :D #NF  :D #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK excellent, I love having a mission  you'll have to tell me your requirements & I'll match them to someone ;) Thanks for helping get the word out! :-) Hi Niall ¿How are you?, hope you fine. I tweet you everyday but nothing, i dont gonna give up, i gonna try and try  xx Re #Sherlock, a question. Was  a consultant?! The ending has his Magical paw-prints all over it How long time ? ... bachellerieloic   please please ! :D welcome my friend 7 followers to go, RT if you want a 1D quiz? #teamfollowback RT  Too cold to go out? Call for Delivery in the 'hood or ask nicely we may travel a little further for u  613!7244676 menu at hintonburger.caHey! You never greeted me that way!!! RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly :D She takes it like a champ RT   you drawings are great Yeaah Hola guapo, como estas? How are you Niall? I love you, You're so perfect, beautiful &lt;3 Love you  x 10 Follow me on Instagram! :D Luisatunechi Just got done working out.  I feel so good. I really have to start dieting RT  Hold my hand, there are many ways to do it right... JUMU'AH MUBAAAAAAARAKAH! My cousin knows you  xxxx Evening jog DONE!  #SHATTERED! we're there haha she took long enough :P  lmao you scared the shit out of me! Thank you thank you RT  Even though I didn't go to school , I'm still gonna make my day productive Good laughs with christine lol I can cos I haven't done anything this year Shootout time. Maybe Miro will score another pretty goal So glad you stopped by the blog, Janice! And congrats on the Bostons--I'm hoping to adopt a second soon. They're the best .........I Dont Know Why Though Im Just In A GREAT Mood thanks Cant wait to hear your new stuff!! :D xx cheers for the refollow! Ur my 100th follower! Right, #FF time  Firstly my lovely besties,   and  &lt;3 Go stalk these!! ;) Thanks for the #ff love Kitty-Kat! :-) Niall ! Please say something in Spanish for me ! :D 17 Thanks Sabine.  Took a few layers of skin off my hand, but the pic turned out ok. (for a 1st attempt) Love! From a not-so-secret admirer Is full term 2morra :-) I made it!!!! I look up to  One day I will have the confidence that she have. She can make me smile, She's georgous. I love her. Ohhhk. Have fun! Lol RT    I like  and pervert, don't talk about food this way, anyway, read goblin market :D hahaha الحبق=فوطن aww thanks i love you so much maddiee &lt;3 :D Well....good afternoon, Sunshine. :-) How's the snow? RT  HOLY *^+!! WOW!!!  Thanks for tweeting this →  ! :D ← IMO, the *BEST* post on "bipolar disorder" ever!!! Vampire Diaries in bed  #snowdays Gonna see my Peachie today Okay,  your berlin transformers PILLOW girl will check it out! You're my perfect human being! Last night's ep was amazing lol that's what i said! I love you Dominique! Tight Up Skirt-Red Rat I have it  RT  Downloaded übersocial --- trying it out. Is it better than echofon ? RT  #TheBestFeelingIsWhen  you see your food coming in a restaurant :D #ThingsICantStand  #douchebagtweet. 1 more follower please? #ThingsICantStand I love everything RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly We Want Britney Twitcam! :D 
 :* If its real,then you know how ifeel I doubt it lol :-) bagels are like tougher.. مششكورره حورائووو ♥ :p haa, it will. ! I'm gonna get a decal thing for mine soon, some really cool ones that use the light on the apple logo ikr bro , its comin RT       Hey like 1D? follow my band  we follow back  pls RT Goodnight  sweet 1D dreams :((( se n conseguir tchau! :D Bjsss s2 Yup I'm falling for you but that's nothing wrong with that!! #NP Rhianna Your the One :-) tommy resos think I'm conquered and transformed I can't wait **he ! And thanks Can you just say "Ciao" for italian fans? :D cheers, all adds to the total!! :-) I changed my username...because i now love Rise Against AND The Mars boys :D me either ....I ain't fat just thick My lunch  lol excuses haha :D very well thank you  only had two hours in uni! How are you? no never really heard of that :p is it a belgium magazine ?  and yea is there somethin bout brunomars ? :$ enjoy it ! I wanna get snowed in with my baby how are you?! :D I swear we haven't spoken since like.. Summer? Haha! You bet! Have a wonderful weekend “ " There's one red shirt in the rally out of the csb wonder who that is."don't be a dick haha”sorry Congratulations! :-) I'm free to skype whenever you're ready I love   shes awesome come tmrw!! Hope all is well :-) Phew, all done  #relief RT  Anybody who's ever done tech support for friends or family will appreciate this. So I'm still rockin wit my future husband kirko  lol ms bangz kno dat ctfu okaay hehe! Excited!! :D xxx Ok now i'm officially following  :-)  and he better follow back or i'ma make a visit! New to Tumblr, need some followers! I follow everyone back! link is in my bio :-) RT! thanks! PLEASE FOLLOW ME! I love you Niall! You're so lovely and amazing!  14 thank you for the cookie. Good morning Australia alice is yep  stephs at home x Haha, I bet they can! :P hahaha ja xDD yessss :P i willl hehe yes thats me thers obssesed and im taking obssevie jedward disorder to the next level many thanks for #FF - and you have a great weekend too :-) :D hmm, I think I know what you mean… So now we can't play? Or you mean something else? :P ololololol. I have my joggers on as well :D “  lol it wass likk vocabb lol” my specialty Yuck :P RT  Making Curry Chicken!!! Blum tdur km?-_-RT  Welcome to after midnight island :p RT  Trbangun-_-""you too ..have a lovely weekend toooo :-) And you mate  #COYS #thfc #TTID bro   hellow  for more ideas about acne ...check this I'll be happy to take him for a while if you need to concentrate on the baby when it gets here Even tho it wasn't what I wanted I still got it !!! I believe that's your first compliment to me. In other words AWWWW :D &lt;3 #Twerk #AbWork  listen to it please and thank u maam Aye that's nice that!! carmen concha think I'm solemn and dramatic RT  RETWEET if you want me to follow you? follow  and i will follow some of you back  RT if you did so i can follow you xx okie dokie your profile picture is up :-) now I'm going down for my nap lol lol What was Manuel Neuer thinking there? He gave the ball straight at Reus! What a goal! :P culling   hey  for more ideas about how to treat acne check this link Bro you speak the truth  😘“  your the only person that likes the things i say  #sisterlylove” new twitter icon ..... Wanna thoe me his number Cant was last year haha I wish, I told me ma as soon as my mouth is able to eat Mac donnalds it is :P Cus its a girls night I'm alright with out you :P #GNO i know your never going to notice this in your life, right?
but i just wanted you to know..i Love you My makeup was nice lastnight Made by my self For #electronica and #IDM Cue the big ol' sigh of relief. AAAAAAhhhhhhhhhh verda think I'm ludicrous and detestable and  are going to be some Bears carol emanuel think I'm hard-working I just took a hour long shower and it was amasing :D You won't ever have too worry ... You won't ever have too hide RT  I want that GIANT valentines day card with that GIANT bear and that GIANT box of chocolates..all for valentines day RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Everything a human does, is out of the desire to gain pleasure, or the need to avoid pain. HAVE FUN MANIPULATING PEOPLE! COMEEEEEE ON! GET OUTTTTTTA SCHOOOOL ALREADY :D of course  xx RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss culling   hey  for more ideas about how to treat acne check this link I am allergic to bullshit.  I will not allow anyone to ruin my Friday. About to eat Oie :D Niall ! Please say something in Spanish for me ! :D 31 I soooo excited to see him! Q: lol 
so any plans for today?A: Ummm
Well its a long day 
Trust me when s...: RT   If only The merchandise on  were available in pounds... I would buy out the whole thing Awesome to meet you too! We'll be around for some post ham hanging out Iya,tar tak cek RT  terus kapan ga gagalnya? LOL btw, please check your mail on fb I've sent you the script. thanks  RT RT  #IFYOULOVEME you will read The Hunger Games book and watch the movie with me RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Glad to be back. Let's get together for some country walks and elderly conservatism sometime soon :P “ #NP Etta James All I could do was Cry - one of my favorite songs” mine too A pleasure Ole, thanks for coming down. Enjoy the weekend since you said she is awesome...I will follow her! thank you for all the #FF RT   Awesome  See you later Hopefully!! I wanna bring your momma Roses ! I love Trey Songz Adobe CS5 is installed on my new iMac. I now feel a bit more at home :-) Strawberry CheeseCake! #heladituu♡ :D angel think I'm 500. Worked welcome. And you freaked me out. I thought   tweeted me because I was in the shower and yeah. Long story. Bagus kan yu ?? :D RT  I like the music of the song unk :D Let' s restrain from false traditions and open the doors for improvements ! hehehe when you gonna give me some make-up tips? Aw babe, I'll be back before you know it. 2 and a half hours Great..I wish u good luck in both of them you know im always down to hang wit my fave...let me know im on campus tues-fri morn  coro! Hehe yeah read that - so delicious, that article :D I wanna wear my hair natural today yea buddY.. 27A96F01 .. I miss my dirty minded budI :P Is your hosting plan deluxe or higher? If so then it does  ^C may the force be with you, this evening. Be strong! awee  but ayee do you still have my iPod? Lol Please can you do more?! :D ( RT  I hope to one day be loved by someone as much as  loves  You guys make me sick to my stomach. Calitee de botas! :D RT   ya welcome : ) thank you ur welcome, love the pic you are real pretty :D could you follow back...please #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin My Chemical Penguin #heartskipsabeat4abrit  xxxxx when are you going to have  on the show! #IndyCar rookie of the year, going to a winning team this year. Happy january 20th everybody! PLEAASE PLEAAASE PLEAAASEEE Tweet My Fentyy  Happy B'day ... Its The Best Gift She Cud Evaa Get :D ah ya basha dh hyb2a youm ghareeb lw gom :D awesome! Welcome to Twitter That'll be cool  RT      and the rest of #NHIE should have an oovoo chat one day :D Sure Will Babe me please. HMU w/a text thoughh phew, thank you :-) RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU ashofak 3ala twitter b2a bma 2nna maba2enash net2abel damn. RT   THANK YOUU hy mey follback y 'thanks' Despite everything that's happening in my fucked up life, I'm way happy today I watched some on me phone, then it went funny so I'll just watch it when I gets home claretta think I'm self-serving :-)I have something for you oh my word you are amazing! I never meant for you to do it! A rt would have been enough! :D RT  Montage video is here  Once this link -  has 100,000 clicks il put up the official video Lol. We SHOWED out at this girl graduation. Them dade girls was looking stoopid lol :-) thank you!!! :D Bout To Go Home Soon Sleep Here I Come :D RT  Montage video is here  Once this link -  has 100,000 clicks il put up the official video Good morning   have a great day! :love: :* :* :genit: ;p #JesusBlessYou follow back you pick her up joh! Bring her to keynes, please & thanks Rdam cs iemand? Spoor 4 Love you  & Guess What ??  xxx thanks Back from pia's home had So much fun ! :D Thanks for following back :-) Great people to follow #FF Answer was Tom  Fastest with the right answer was  xx ms.hull is like my favorite teacher  ! any hints about you next song? follow me please :D I love y'all u let the women wrestle more u let show how strong that we can be. As a lady I thank u.TNT Next tag champs if i make this sale ill be one happy girl Thank you  Have a lovely weekend! x yes! (: i will tweet him so long, if he follow me someday :D Follow Back Pretty : ) My Chemical Penguin is Trending lol :D Cannot wait to see one of the favs Chels tonight :-) ... you needa tweet something LMAO.. 3mr ely agdr aswy feeh kl ely aby :p james think I'm consoled follow for follow? I'm good too thanks :D x I ironed my hair  .. I look fatso 43 States in America, Cayman Islands, Canada, UK, Australia, Indonesia, Mexico. For Now Anyways. :p Thanks! So glad you enjoyed it :-) RT   awesome set last night! Haven't heard techno like that in ages. Thank you RT   follow back where do you want to do that? no :( but I wanna go on and take photography at college  thankyou! aw, I'm sure you don't at all! good luck too though :3 xx LOL Yup!! There are actually a few different Yogachikk designs, but my avi is one too! Omg, good conversations :P RT   RT  Today in 2009, Barack Obama became the 44th President of the United States. Yesssssss Awh bummer :( Well hopefully you'll find out the problem soon enough and twill all be sorted! :D #UniaoDotwitterSegueEuSigoDeVolta #TeamFollowBack #TeamFollow2Gain #iFollowAll . MUST ASK FOR A FB  *20 Me and  are coming to England in August.. ANy Chance u'd follow us?  xx Estonia loves you xx 30 following back perhaps may i get a reply from real madrid?? Hala madris from guatemala would be nice to say hi after the race RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly yes lea !! and naya !! or WHOLE CAST ! &lt;3 :D but mostlyr Darren and Chris .. I'm good and you ? Thank you Happy birthday   Dont party too hard ! Thanks!!! RT   GoodNight  & im not a stalker if that wat you think lol The banana was not aware hahahahha :-) &lt;3 #JDCC12 I'm actually pretty good, yeah. :D You? shower HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 YOU!!! :-)  I can't wait  on BROADWAY! He I'll be amazing! thanks. trying our best Oooh, could I have a #FF??  If you dont want to thats ok too. awh  post a pic! i can't wait to see! i know you'll look gorgeous as always &lt;3 whenever you have problems or need help, i got your back :P #ff  thanks  have a nice weekend x Blue cheese, Brie, crackers and a pint of ale! #mansnacks :-) I get alittle twitter sign on the top of my phone :-) RT  Looking forward to the my new look courtesy of Shane at  this afternoon... I'm going SHORT!! :D followed :-) I know! I HAVE to go! And you're welcome RT   thanks :* I could say the same about yours i ♥ how he does that! :D RT  Last 10% share in Shilpa left... and then we'll start taking expressions of interest in the next one!! :-) Reply/DM me now if interested! wahhhh its ok I still got a b or b+ in the class :p FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE I watched Casablanca on the plane (on my iPad) going to Louisiana. Ever watched it? It's truly wonderful! May we rape gaga together?! I'd also like to wrestle in a pool of your new tanning lotion! :p PARENTS ARE LEAVING FOR THE WEEKEND you are welcome rofl! It does :p I can picture her doing it, wearing a balaclava x) ethelene reindl think I'm lucrative and advantageous em gonna sleep now ,GNIGHT archiiee now following RT  Thank you everyone for all of the birthday wishes yesterday. Ya'll know how to make a country girl feel blessed. I hate u, forget u blah~ blah~ please just give up :D Love this! RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly RT  Wouldn't it be nice if your iPod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it? :D ALLAH! 7assteni eno ma a7d 36ak FF abd!! Lol you deserve it ;) bss stop complaining about shit that doesn't work :p #whenimbored i imagine funny scenarios happening and laugh quietly to myself :P alright the  umm so you are older then me? RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x go make ya big cousin proud lol ion wanna hear nan but good things New highest score lol RT  Cant argue with that haha u guys r great too  #lovemyartists! RT   u fuckin rock! #thatisall hmm lol thanks  xxxxxxxx Hello Christian! How are you today? Nice video... :D Niall ! Please say something in Spanish for me ! :D 47 Off too pitching practice!Evidemment :p followed RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss I seen dat... lol RT   Awww Thanks :P xxxx Right? Haha, yeah we're about to move into where borders used to be... but still no men's clothes :p saawwwyyy. BUCKCHERRY unsere celine expertin ist da how are you ? Well some people are saying "SOPA is dead" soooo Yay ! :D xxx followed you  could you follow  pretty please? :D not talking to me anymore eh? Man I thought we were in the #arepasforlife family hey there, blessings to u!
listen to my new single 'Thankful' woohoo!can't wait!summer + motogp = &lt;3 :-) yeah well I took on 4 giants in one so beat that :P qo peep my pictures .. : ) showerrr time Awesome. Nothing much, I have midterms now. Ugh, so lots of studying. :P xoxo - i want you to follow me so bad, you are my inspiration and i love you loads!  &lt;33 #69 SwEeTiE!!! BesT giRL evEr : ) RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly RT  ', Every Relationship Has Problem But Its Up Too You Too Stay And Work Things Out it didn't take three tweets to say that!!!! :P (point at my face) do you play tonight? making a giant cupcake with     looks soooo gooooooood xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx nahhh lool shit is 80 bucks :p Changing positions : ) smart  using the brain outside of school, nice ! :L &lt;3 //AT LEAST I HAVE TWITTER :D THE INTERNET IS DEAD HERE D: The are on their way! RT  Any celeb sightings? Mario Lopez doesnt count :-)  #soupatsundance #ff top lad up for a laugh  get following! Hello Nialler, how's your day?  xx #Twerk #AbWork  listen to it please and thank u maam Thank you, they do grow up too fast.  Wish I could keep all my 3 little ones, well, 'little' for a bit longer :-)  Happy Friday! RT  Headed to Vancouver for a minute. Love my Canadians getting a tweet back off you has made my day! Was a bad day til this very moment! Smiling now!  :-) hey Niall. how's your day going? :D xx When I see you in my followers, is like if   follow me. aww thank u  love love love ♥. RT  RT if you want a shout out RT   You're a good friend too! I love you!! aw i know! Have a red bull  You didnt take my advice before, you should now ; ) xxx secret hands of Angela Merkel disclosed :D that is so funny and sweet of you!!! Had to take a break from  for a bit! Feeling boom snappy instead Hi Niall ¿How are you?, hope you fine. I tweet you everyday but nothing, i dont gonna give up, i gonna try and try  xx6 Biggest Fan by  is so ME! Err, to  obvs :D Hello sweetie! YAY!! Good news! I know me either yeah i want them to put all over my room lol :P “  nice” &lt;~Yep, just wrapped  perfect Friday Snap out of it!! lol  ill be ready to party Aww... Poor Manu Nutella :P Gave the ball to Reus! And Reus score! Nice. Good goal. Hahaha. Go and cheer him up :P why,thank you!!!  ♥ Austin.. I Love you, I rarely say it to any other Famous people but you! Ur voice.. theres just something about that Voice ur a beautiful person inside & out... very proud of u :-) yalann dunyaaaa  cok guldumm super zuperrrr RT   buy* haha, when are you going to buy it ? With  at the outlets  hurry up trying on those dresses sarie hAha. forget you buena song  GOOD LUCK!! Jel that you've been sunbathing! RT  Got my 400 tomorrow! Going for my olympic trials time RT  Retweet if you love Liam Payne which was aimed at me  I lol'ed at this text. I could hear each "whoop" coming out of your mouth. Looks like you get to buy me drinks tomorrow! shounnnds good! thank you  I feel blue and I've been crying so hard but this is much better than yesterday. RT  baby you make me smile when ain't a damn thing funny Ikr Im All The Way Out Here..IMY2 Lol. Thanks. Rain shine sleet or snow. #Obsessions got you covered! $1 all night tonight Photo: Just let me know LOLzzzz :-) Ready for valentines day & if I hand in those 2 more packets hopefully It'll be up to 86 or somethingg Hey Peter! What's going on with  I kinds like to that there's a place for us geeks well I'm gonna make it undead prepare to ne blown by my tweets if u get annoyed tell me 1...2...3...GO :P Still waiting on   to call me :-) that will be awesome! Family photo please? I bet ^-^ I like it too :D lmao HAHA!YES!!she s really back although I was thinking bout changing my username cuz I though it was way obvious but I duno :D Back to BLACK !!!! ...hair :D follow me back please? :D maybe instead of quiet then, i should say peaceful :-) yea, not till the summertimee... && kk, hows baylee? Not big, not clever!! Grow up you two!!! #pahahahahhahahahahahaha!! yeah deffs!! I'm dooown haha :D #FF  Sarcastic, Crazee, Sassy but as well I must admit she is lovely. :P Admire lot the beautiful Alyssa Milano Hello!!! :-) how is the weather in Buenos Aires?, it is summer there? lo good times  &lt;3 your welcome & thanls you know what i mean lol :p Just heard John Krasinski's voice in the hallway when working on my blog in the hotel room. Feel like I'm in The Office lol  #BigMiracle You're amazing!!! Chile wants One direction  PS: I love your voice  xx yes! I absolutely love my school, friends, dorm, classes, etc! It's great :-) RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly thank you!! the sky :D RT  I'm doing you how you did my advice. I made curry and it was sooo goood too  so I feel ya. &lt;3  RT   adobo! we will. Long talks about fraternity ahead. With blow dried hair. RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOUAll my friends say Ima lesbian lol, can't help it I find women extremely attractive About fell walking out of school! :P #itsveryslick RT   mhmkayy I like being on a family plan Cus when our phone gets turned off, papi automatically turns it back on :P so its like my phone isnt ever off Edwin is dood I wanna go to fridays Asian girls are my fav Nap time w. this silly little cutie. EDITING PODCAST, GOD DAMMIT, will be up on iTunes tomorrow! :D in the meantime, subscribe to DWSCGaming on YouTube! PLL new episodes today :D !! Just checking &lt;3 xox , Glen my Valentine For his Birthday RT  #FF everyone go follow  &lt;&lt; 16 more till 10K !! Help them out, go follow! :D SOPA Is Dead!! No More World War Web!!! :D 433 tweets and nearly all the lot are to you now that's dedication from a true fan lol I just want to introduce all the girls at my school to hot wax :p awww lol i think someone needs a new one! :D She Keeps Singing Everytime I Get Sad So I Laugh :P aa eu curto :D Goodnight!! :D If words could kill, me n  would have commited many murders already lls Boobs is an excellent talking point. I even have 2 myself :D (should I be admitting that?)  that's okay Your a racist!! Jkjk lol  RT  The things white people do smh... Lol plse understand me :-) if u think im annoying u then plse block me . I find myself smilin more and it's because of me I make myself happy  &lt;3 just flashing  #NexusS #ICS ROM, very smooth, +1 to touch focus :D RT  RETWEET If Justin Bieber is not following you so I can send a DM to him with your twitter usernames  Must be following me HURRY RT   People who own pets live longer, have less stress and have fewer heart attacks." Unless you own a Beagle I woulda taken them but heading tomoro :D everytime i hear my seester #emmaPOMALE sing its music to my ears can't wait to hear her tonight Man I wana celebrate my new job!! :D #NF  Follow Back of boring tweets? Then follow ✩  ✩ for amazing tweets on your timeline  ! Followed!  Xx Just need to get through these 2 hours of work and im freee of stress for the weekend follow back? thanks I finally got me a hoodie to rock around campus RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Believe Tour To UK RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly yay! Can't wait to see you! Well... Me, for starters. :D Social Media is a pretty broad topic now. What's the focus? Tech? biz? Measurement? Trends? say "ayyyyy" to the massive fan you've spoke to before?! :D #STL that´s only women  but it´s very interesting.. “ Happy Birthday  . 😁” &lt;--- thanks :D im droppin that rap video soon lol. no problem you girls are crazy! :-) x is bout to get beat with a basketballll loool but it's not like your gonna leave your natural hair out in ya next style so why not RT  Lemme take this time out to apologize to any niggas that I dissed because of who I was with at the time..that shyt dead Af now! RT  . " makes a potato sack look like Armani". That is the quote of the day from our Facebook page thanks babe :D xx followed you  could you follow  pretty please? :D I just kno u wasn't... could I please get a tweet / follow? RT  Praying for Kamauri poor baby everything gone b okay wat u tryna say?! I just got thro eattin mister! Gotta gain my weight back RT  Wouldn't it be nice if your iPod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it? :D What's going on garf  haha!!! Sure is how shots? ;) x MJ too funny oh lord :-) RT     Wish you all a wonderful weekend! RT  #Retweet this if you're a Seddie Shipper. #Favorite this if you're a Creddie Shipper  [Let's see which couple wins] It's a tough job but I manage somehow lol. Hope all is well with you. Peace RT  #FF Dropped my nephew to the bay bay sitter now off to work  Good day people ! Ugh rehersals :p “ Lol Opps Ill Have To Get U Some   how I'm gone get it lol” alright ! YEYYYY! no problem rob I loveeeeee my North Face antoine think I'm murmurs and reproaches OK ! yeh same  i do like them all but Micheal is rude & the twins are sneeky! double eviction 2night i think so hope they go lol xx haha, ..yeah maybe let it cook first :p As each day passes, I'm learning to love myself even more.. alright  thanks :D do you work tomorrow morning? very funny Lol, Internet Friends is playing... Reminds me of the unify kids. :P shots of anything and everything! followed! Charly RT  #imagine JB:So...do u have a boyfriend? U:Nop.. JB: THAT'S WONDERFUL!! :D *U laugh and he blushes* J: I meant...u wanna go out or something? My old red hair awww you're welcome kiddo. Happy Birthday! its a cute song  x Nope. That's old :P At the mall with friends  good times Done, thanks thank you #1Derful  row G,balcony,seat72 please pick   shes in love with you and has been doing her gcses all week :D xxx  Love the video lessons :D Have one last thing every Friday! Yeah same, A at GCSE and at AS. But that's my luck ;) “  follow back?  Avril Heals Our Hearts” lol u can now audition for Pirates 5 your very welcome, hope u have a fab weekend to :-) Follow bk pls? Photo: Mah Dog  (Taken with instagram)never said I was nice sweetheart Getting money is not a problem... For me :-) RT  Game today at 6! Home! Come support ! U never claimed me as ur own so dnt get mad if sumbdy else come threw :-) Would you mind giving me a shoutout please?  x hehe, you alright :-)?&lt;3 Excited for my birthday dinner tonight at the Yard House lol :D of course I notice all of youer tweets :3 :D RT  Wouldn't it be nice if your iPod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it? :D RT  When you have seen your favorite band more than once and would do it again. please follow me, you're amazing :D »»» " Goofing around b4 work :-) Road Trip Tonight have a special message to give you  take care! #Lightoutforyou.... RT   #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK this is our fate & i'm youuurs  &lt;3 (8) RT          Helloooo To Germany!!! :-) Well, in her defence, there must be teethmarks on both, no? okay then, thank you  see you soon x willy marler think I'm evaluated RT  " Sitting in class with my love   not getting nothing done lol" that's everyday lmao ! Hello, thank you for the Follow thanx yaar THANKKKKKK UUUU :D n yea forreal yes I'm so down! Text me!! haha why? I love it :P ...the MTV HD channel, including Mars :D:D woo I'm happy RT   Happy early birthday LIVE ON AIR  2 LATE 


Whilst your already online why not listen in? U guys wouldn't understand :D For Valentine's Day I Don't Wanna Go Out, I Don't Want A Lot Of Money Spent On Me, I Just Want A Home Cooked Meal Made my mate watch #ItsAllAboutAmy last night + now she loves  too! :D yayyyyyy! ♥ xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx LOOL :p “ Watch out for the CB.” thank you  you too!! thanksss :D at least some people are kind haha xx good call Back that ass up Yh leontine think I'm bleak Please follow me ? :D Looking at a wheres Waldo book with Allie :p were cool So cold! My bed feels so good! Just gonna wrap up and chill How aabout 1 more lovely follower?  xo we did I think its I dont know shit, but I am not sure :P i feel like i just got freed out of jail :D lmaoo You too follow back  Avril Heals Our Hearts thankyou my dear  hope your ok x RT   Yeaaah #favdestinyschildsong : that "I need a soulja" song with  & Jammin' out and dancing in the car with mi madre  She's the coolest! My boyfriend made me a peanut butter & jelly sandwich.  Lol. Woah I just woke up didn't even realised I fell asleep.  Mum woke me up for dinner.  tired still gonna watch eastenders then new girl. thank you for retweeting!  ♥ Hey guy want to send #xxx #sexy #porn pictures? Here are my #pussy #sex shots :P  #K7E Gracias a ti amor.. besos! Cuidatee! Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl  You mean so much to me !  2 xq duh?? :p Was Sleep all Day , : ) Hey sweetie. Whut up?  RT  Hey lov3! let's trend #voteforjustin please!!! :D c'mon beliebers! Imma do it like I owe u a favor Making chocolate mousse cheesecake finally Fuck this am gettin on it :D I got a regular Snapcaster Mage last night!  Only cost me $9 for the draft, and I got a Sulfur Falls, too.  :D Aw, I love these songs but my favourite is I wish :-) Omw too  house ' tonight should be fun : ) Thank you, I live in hope I could always revert to 'acting' a song Does the tune always matter? Have A Sweet Dreams brother god my sister is a weirdo she keeps on trying to speak irish and going into proper scottish! :P I'm sorry  I still love my Mathew though! hahaha were reatards sounds like u had a great shopping trip! :-) x Shayley day? hmm...Isn't that like everyday? :D Oh dear 3rad Agreed! RT  So much fun! RT  Sushi lunch with the curb team at Nami Hey! My man has some sick ass beats! We would like it if you would at least listen to them  Let me know! Thanks!! ah it's not bad, just different :P Tweet me A Belated Happy Birthday?!  ) why he such a bitch -.- ? nigga got my heart doe I will  Now shshshsh before he notices :P that'll be my shtick! I'll do comedy shows from the comfort of a plush bed with fluffy pillows :p I'll call you once it's over at about 3am and tell you how awesome it was! I'm sure that'll make you feel better Player 2 &gt;&gt; :-) although i lost that game lol I'm so happy that you guys like the workout. I gained some weight & lost some strength over the past 2 months as you can see on my videos Nah That's a good thing. I need to clean up dinner stuff follow us on twitter  and find us on facebook join the craze that is real reality Okay. Steel waiting yaa :p RT  C u,, ok,, now too RT  R u okay now ! RT  Ok RT ... You aint wettin nobody you canada dry :D Yep. JB brought me yesterday. He didn't trust Tadpole and me to make it w/o him. i will show you a picture of her when i next see you :P hehe and yeah a best fucking mate ;) &lt;3 I want to cook Meatballs :D ! Trying to keep up with you!  NICE! how are you??? #ff  give him a follow :-) boost his twitter numbers..a ray of sunshine from the emerald idle watching step brothers going out with my girls sighs its waaaay too long &lt;3 The way you can cut a rug, watching you's the only drug I need Fresh cold bottle of Hardcore in my sweaty paws. Tastes so amazing... thanks :D xxxxxwe all have to sleep sometimes  good night! But for some1 it's Saturday's morning...so good morning :D tam duplechin think I'm abused #nf i knowww nor do I :/ they should spend time correcting themselves instead of worrying about others lol Wooaahherr Jailbreak and Unlock iPhone 4, 3GS, 3G and iPhone 5 with ios 5.0/5.0.1 thanx My baby chiquita the only one who makes me happy :-) the way how my check looking  i think i would spoil my girl :x just saying Haha and awww all at the same time :-) “  not at all” oh okay. You just being the childish petty individual that you are. I get it. How about the Cydia download? jw b/c this jailbreak is taking forever.  People hammering the servers a bit? I am a bit weird, so that part doesn't bother me :P lol :s RT  :D they keep unfollowing me! wooot woot! is  your new project? thats great! :D wanna come to germany? I KNOW! I'll rewatch whoooole 3 season and gonna say to mom "I'm studying!" HELL YEAH :D awesome I'm happy for. U so wish I was u, take lots of pics I want to see 2morrow with  :D xxxx ♥ Yes finally done with stupid gym swimming  Until next year :(  concert saturday at the Grand Slam..can't wait to get drunk and hit on some milfs... #sorrynotsorry welcome to twitter kreesh :D x first showing.  avx theater i know lmao ! ima try it tho ima see how long i can go with out using internet :p have been since November  I was out drinking at my step mom's bar last night. first question - can you please explain #ff follow friday? :P RT    lmao rude!  love you too bro Thank u so much! welcome to skyrim ! :D RT   ofcourse..whenever i can i will reply..yes we did watch kung fu panda there ... such a cute film iim in love with all of them but who do i choose harry  or zayn B) cutier then each other .. but dont for get niall or liam or louis :O ! BIG DADDY G!!!!!! : ) Good to have you on twitter bro! melvin think I'm captivating Already went to the gym, tanned, shopped for my room, printed pictures, and had lunch. Now #relaxation RT   nice to see you at the well attended #salisbury #tweetup this evening  &lt; plsed to hear it was well attended Apparently I share a birthday with Victor Hugo, Johnny Cash and Michael Bolton. I better see your face tomorrow night! K?  love you! Yo yo yo.. What u all saying : ) #indie #indiemusic #music #JustFollow  you WILL learn something useful about studio, biz-side of making music Peace guetta #ibiza2010 #greenrockstrs Nail Shop then Corona to pick up my besttttttt friend! :-) good good ahhh, thats nothing!  This is me on a  slow day Thanks for the #FF I'm only half-kidding because I would totally watch it, of course! My fuckin bb i hate you  !! I'm getting sick... and it #sucks. good thing I'm going home so my mama can take care of me. " bomb :-)  wheres minez :( lol RT  Boy my booty making a comeback  Healthy is the way,,, Me & daddy supposed to  get me shoes Imma call at 3:00 I need you like a heart needs a beat its a wonder that  isn't RT'ing all day hehe :-) thank you - hope you have a good journey too! And enjoy your chilled out weekend xxx Mine is a sat!!!RT  My bday is on a sunday this year.... #Icare :-) Layin here watchin Spongebob with my love Kameron.  #ImLovinIt
&gt;K.M.L &lt; Shall I do #picspam? :D RT  RT if you listen to MCR, Linkin Park, BMTH, BFMV, John Mayer, The Beatles, Skrillex or YM stuff so i can follow you, you have taste ! YEES!  “ Bel Ami will have it's world premiere Got a sweet text today. I absolute LOVE banana's, yummy #FF       & all amazing erotica writers out there :-) okay  ! And 👀💗👇2 ☺😉 Yes, the good old world of MAs and r/s crosses.........ah yes, sounds nice I surely can LOVE beating women..... to the door so i can hold it open for them i told my story and made her story Exams done Yes! Back To This Singing Hobby RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly RT  lol...  But I Have A #Question For You Tho.. What The Hell "#CTFU" Mean? mucha suerte!! JB Dawsons is just wonderful Walking session tonight,if your able? Work until later . Competition was odee fun, unfortunately other students was just too freaking smart :D Got this lil girl lookin at me side ways... I wanna smack a couple of kids already. But then I have my sweethearts too listening to my k-ci and jojo station on pandora while i clean up i duno, when I have money :D nope! :P especially as she got bare burnt after we left her :P coming to the show with   the 11th feb cant wait  RT you didnt answer my question :( cant wait for your twitcam sunday though! :D rt? Xxx #FF She's funny, gorgeous and she has brilliant tweets  A real one to follow! x ahhh! you turned green while i wasn't looking! :P  Haha! Indeed you are! Haha! aww. breeeeee, thats amazing. (: 
#cryingforyou. &lt;3 :D #ff       &lt;3 x Just figured out how to use voice control on my iPod it's so cool lol I get excited very easily :D For The FF  xx I've got the  infection! :P yeah that&#39;s a good idea, I&#39;ll probably say on the invite you can bring one or two friends :-) thanks aha Everyone follow  shes really nice and follows back x okay...you do have worse luck than me...but we both have good luck for bad luck RT: Our Facebook-page reached 300 followers last week...thank you for your support! Expect a generous give-away from us when we reach 500 :D i mean foot obv :P i sent you pictures You do make me laugh Out doing some banking, grocery shopping and grabbing some lunch I like ur aaliyah icon you have of her Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl  thank you for everything Yalla I'm off ..can't keep my eyes wide open :pLet's be Clear baby, This is Goodbye! I ain't coming back Tomorrow thanks for the follow  following back! he will be here at 3 Kool And At Work :P I just want to do this to someone :P thanks for the #ffs guys,sorry i never do them.One day i will I think this evening should definitely consist of Mr Popper's Penguins and some of the 60 hours of TV I recorded on Sky from Christmas :P My birthday coming up yall please please please please please please get peter to follow me i really love him to bites  please please do  xxxxxxxxx please follow me :-) on my way to the subway station, I'll text you when I'm on my wayyyyy ...trip to the Humane Society Sunday? RT    thnx (ur welcome,hey ima be coming bacc 2 the blaccberry world) thank you and have a great weekend And that one of the reasons why its amazing it hurts because its so important Hawaii is 9 months, 4 weeks, and only 1 day away. Who is excited? I am!! nf  &lt;3 follow bck ? haha I'm casually getting a beer. :') Got any plans for the weekend? ruthanne climer think I'm outlines and appearances ppllease follow me dapps hahaha I already told you! replied eating this medium size chocolate frosty from Wendys! You never told me :P So tell me now. Can't reply to DMs unless you follow me, which you should be doing anyway!!! :-) #scifichat Hey! I didn't say what color undies .Trying to keep this clean :p oh then come on  lol follow back :D its alright . So the new guy running the  really liked the smiley faces doesn't he you were at the Galleria in Hatfiled and we didn't see you when we were taking the bus. Damn it. : ) x Follow back please ?? :D you're still the front runner I believe :-) The only thing I like about Jeff Hardy retiring is that it was  that did it loveeee youuuu&lt;3333333 can't wait to see your face later If you like vampires that don't sparkle...Radu is your man.  I have them all and even the spin off lol I'm a huge nerd.  :D I am sad to know because you read my tweets, but I have 1 of 1 million possibilities! #NSN  --------&gt; FOLLOW ME YES?#TEAMO♥ Cold, snowy, pretty. Overwhelming.  was an excellent tour guide and host. He spoiled me a bit. And then to watch The Lord Of The Rings! So I think I won't come back today hahah :D thanks :D I don't get paid enough to get the "god is watching" speech. *fingers crossed* :D YOU'RE SO HOT DAAAAAMN ! OH MY GOOSH ! *-* #noticeme :D The end is near  (@ UPAEP, Campus Central w/ 4 others) i really miss my daddy man #RIP.DADDY RT   OMJ If you're going to be all together then is officially I'm so exited :D #JonasAgainTogether let's trend this :D shit you can Thanks for the #FF Gavin :-) well its that or a lie  hahaha!!! Okay well, Hi I'm rach. I'm 19, I'm a lovely girl, honest ;) nice to meet you ha! #better Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl   follow me please...te amo♥64 your twitcon is prettyyyyyyy :-) RT  I really really don't care about the people dying in GTST... maybe if they all die people will finally stop watching that stupid soap hahahaha #chunkymonkey make sure your in tomorrow night. Sampson's home :-) x well bkoz it how it is.. even happened wid me also... just relax... you are beautiful  don't ever think anything different! thanks  x Thank you for the #FF Boa tarde amor :D ladies and one Wolfie! Oh wow! Lucky you then! ♥#FF♥  Have a beautiful weekend!! :-) hey sweety! thank you for following me :D &lt;3 xxx haha yeah same here I think :P RT if you love your fans in Portugal! just cause some people have their preferences :L like i like black ones :L i'm on the websit noww aha I'm enjoying being thin while I can :p Fon on charge now best not be sleeping tonight looool :p Can you follow  for me please, she follows back if you ask thank you very much for the #FF will go to umrah tomorrow  have nice holiday everyone!!!! thanks tweet me a 'BIEBER' if you followed -  so i can give you a huge shoutout “ When is it kee?!? RT  But I'm ready for Mardi Gras &gt;&gt;&gt;” Feb 21 Tuesday :-) Thank you! Have a good weekend. jenise think I'm fatalistic I hang with positive ppl thats real & about they $$$ not miserable ppl that can't be trust & don't want shit & life I love wearing free clothes  lol RT  I love Keith sweat too :D eddie hedgpeth think I'm oracular and occult thank you it. Whaaaaaddup bangsssss aha yeahh. Many many years.  I am glad that both of you are happy together hows the sea man? :p I know I'm not the first person to do this, but I finally did it warming up widnes Vikings Yeah Miss you, too! & we will soon!!  Kanns kaum erwarten ♥ that's where I'm at right now :D my pleasure  it's all true, you're such a lovely lady and really appreciate the support you give us biz mums xx DM me your facebook? :D hahah. otha think I'm pale and anxious " Buying weave is an art." Lmao and extra fun Okay dude, up to you? Hope everyone has a good weekend good morning hun #FF THESE LOVELY ppl         :-) haha  #jkes but have a good'en whatever you do!  if you do anything remotly interesting i can geg in on, let me know For all of you     I can not put Louis #ArgentinaLoves1D :p Miranda for Prime Minster, we will be galoping in celebration, plus galopig is more fun than walking . Our New  #JustinBieber VideoLooking all intelligent that'll be lovely for you both, you can do this meg, make the most of it, then next stop u and dan can go have a romantic meal imagine if he HATES football :D or that your wife want to get married let's say a wednesday :D preetay profile picture!! wow meanie! I'll keep that in mind :p #DoubleGbam :D RT   I dey wait U o!!!!!$ Good to hear from you!!! Sorry to hear about your mom. We're all doing well. Busy but good follow back? Congratulations to my Bro  & Cuddy   on their NEW INDEPENDENCE : ) RT  28 followers? Please RT you wonderful people :P I follow back! Always RT  بعض السكوت كرم more ama he fuck me live the devil i will crush crush burn!!! xese me :P #ksanamazeuteme Auntie Mame is a great movie. It never fails to make me smile. don't be! It's like a pinch, for a second. Much easier and quicker than a tattoo can you follow me back? chilled movie night in with my girlssssss Brat!!  :-) FF  shes beautiful Can&amp;#39;t wait for  ! Yeeeey gib alles!!  #voice Uh-oh, where do you work now? :P i NEED YOU AT MY DINNER PARTY LOL IMA PLAY MUSIC IN THE PARKIN LOT SO YOU CAN JUK LIKE IN SPOTLIGHT Officially for revenge RT   Im Playing That Right Now :P lol RT   He's mine bitch, back off.  #getaway mani pedi and wax..the works!!! :-) :-) This is a pretty good link that explains everything #teamfollowback please get me to 250 followers :D hehehe #AutoFollowBack #Follow4Follow xxxxxxx more painkillers and loads of water for me :P x niall  can you tweet me: HOLA PARAGUAY? You have so many fans here, and we love you so much. We'll apreciate it so much :') also uv gained me 4 followers today! Nice one My current obsession  &lt;3 it means follow Friday and you then recommend peeps on twitter to follow. Took me a while to figure out ah great will get it Thank you guys for all of yours #FF mentions  Be sure to tweet me 
if I forgot to mention someone...  Lmfaoo Are Youu Happy taking my time shopping, sleeping in, knocking back some mojitos, reading, splurging on a few things with my hubby. RT   You should be really proud of your online shop :D x oh, than you should definatly see it again ;) Jared Leto is in it! &lt;3 :D and it is, like I said, awome :O :D :D What was yo old page RT   new page..follow me bak RT   Mmh d'accord  .. LOL I was being a fucker.   You looking out for your family... There was me thinking you were heartless :p x Adrian is getting chubby :-) Spent my morning with my cousin RT  Haircut time with   :D These guys love their fans!! &lt;3 follow please!! CUTE :D RT happy birthday : ) the Xterra can beat your camaro anyyyday Awesome! So great to hear, thanks can't believe you have school on Saturday how can you not live without a Saturday! Haha ikr! New girl is on at half 8 though, it's good! watch it :D did this! She was so happy! Hahaha :p thanks Callie! Didn't get any blind bags...but I did get these! Now I have all of the Mane 6 :D Follow   and help her reach her goal for 2000 followers Back at FSU. Hoping to start this semester strong and keep it strong! Also looking forward to writing more in the Gatepost  Read it! it's okaaay haha did u really?? :P told u he would ) thats the point.. gullible means trickable.. therefore u've been tricked :D Finally see beauty and the beast 3d Oh If I Catch You Ian JA POSSO MORRE FELIZ haha. Wait my dear! Hahaha. I've no time to take decent pictures yet! :D No problem boo! I'm on my computer anyway :P I gotchu &lt;3 So good to see you in the Talent Office today here @ the Armory.  Have a good shoot! :D experiences with World :P Note to self, when doing homework avoid  and  - b/c I haven't accomplished anything :P Follow back please? :-) RT  A picture is worth a thousand words...or in this case, a thousand :*" Nw fllwn bk LOL... I know the song....I'll be here... I want to me Ava!! haha aww, well we will have to see bus times to xscape or we could go selbs :P &lt;3 RT  8 more followers folks and I've hit the 200 mark . . whooo hoo any chance of a RT . . X :-) because I've played it for 15 years!! always follow ur dream like  did via   u are the best! very very cute! #Iloveu  Te amo!  OMMGGG CANT WAIT FOR #BELIEVE !!!!! My day is over!!!!@ muff3only..come join me if you have time..My Treat:-) :-) :-) :-)  Got My Snapple Not only love but with a sense of friendship ,not only words but with action RT  I  brought Naomi peace tea to school  #suchanicefriend hey gorgeous follow back Follow now  !!!! he's the best Yesss i just found out *___* Thank god indeed or we'd have serious prob :P Same to youuuu hun &lt;3333 #ILYYYY RT   teach me more...I LOVE IT but you just have to buy it :D RT  When I'm sad and I put some 1D-music on, then I am suddenly very happy! RT this if you have the same RT  New track uploaded, feel free to listen, comment and hopefully enjoy  
▶ right on right, room tidy done, found a few more things to get rid of on ebay, time to type up a couple of photo blogs S/O to  ..!!!!! Im still your number one fan.!!! 👆 lool it was scary I swear! :P RT  Headed to Vancouver for a minute. Love my Canadians Spirit and Truth Household inauguration todayyyyyyyy!!! #FUShouseholds Maddie I loveeeeeeeeeeeeee youuu!!!!!!!! you're the best!!! :D and I love your puppy for some reason i feel extra pretty today eventually, ya! :P muakisss hehe :DI love just dance!! Tempted to bring my wii back  &lt;3 whats up ?  xx RT  Just had an amazing meeting w/ my label! I know you've all been waiting so long!! Amazing stuff coming up guys!! :D sounds great! yeah where are we going? #FF my sometiming brother  : ) let's love you &lt;3 follow me please I always do that, make it and forget to drink it Basically... go download Absinthe from them, the greenpois0n site is down at the moment! then follow Absinthe! Thanks  You're welcome RT  1000th tweet  only took me 3 years. yea  u type in site name n go on customer service  in not 2 bad thanks, wbu? Xx Goin to my aunts this weekend i don't know :D i'm just not active xDD oh yes ya dun know  ermm dont no maybe columbiana  xx A mother's dua is so very special  May Allah fulfil all his aspirations and ease your worries. I wanna hacer pis yayy,  I love my FFs  they always gain people followers. RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss RT  wants to go visit my bestie  at UK so we can get wastey pants!  #alcoholicprettygirlprobz hello,it's  and i'm moving to this acc  i'll deact. dc_oda acc.~ thanks and sorry for disturb I will b watching greys anatomy for the next 2hrs :-) then Ill get up and start my day well yes. But I am determined to do sweet FA till at least Tuesday. :p Yeah... "You asshole" :D ... :/ :p do your work bighead he is not dumb !! lol he is sexy tho :D RT  RETWEET if you want me to follow you? follow & list  and i will follow some of you back  RT if you did so i can follow you xx I have a Hard Gold Dick that shoot diamonds aiming at  :D Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl, you're amazing, please follow or RT me is my big dream  #NSN I love you so much ♥2 In silverburn with End of a long week and hopefully can shed some light on these wrist probs next week then back to training :-) About to go to the post office and send out this deposit, scholarship acceptance, and housing  #HU  . One more thing we have in common - I want to MOVE IN to that LIBRARY! Move a thistle-head aside + get comfy with my knitting well I want to go back for a couple months and go exploring to all the places I never went and learn some japanese :p RT  5 more followers ?  RT this for me please xxx Yes indeed :-) #OutofControl  Junktion26 Amazon MP3 download Eric says that Atlanta changed too much all love over here. Will you as Alissa  plan to visit me real soonsies we can have a big ole 3-some....i mean slumber party RT  had a great night seeing everyone an meeting the cast. see you tomorrow   xx RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly I hope I can get Baby ( Lil man ) to take a Nap when Dog starts that wld b so nice. : ) Hey  I'm showing now, so you can come anytime after about 20 minutes!! Thanks Its warm outside  #Arizona Pleasee say: Hola Argentinaaa!!!!! Do not ignore me! I love youu ! RT :D that's cool! btw I was the first viewer on your video! :D THANKS SOOOOOO MUCH!!! :D xxxx see my TL, and you will understand dek So I was right! :p RT "   #graemesmith 55 runs :(" Like youuuu. :-* RT  It's so beautiful outside :D Yup!  Aha are you? :] xx Ashley wearing yoga pants? You know I'm having a good day :D Thanks mate :-) RT  Crazy how music can bring you such Passion :D #TATW Awwww you do care  Ctfu hahaha I'm glad you understand. Love you Are you following me and want a Follow back? - Just ask ..  xx Don't push me away then decide after I'm done you want me to stay ... It's a little too late .
# I Like This RT  Scholesy with his kungfu kick :D RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! RT  Sheesh laid RT  Tears RT  Sew-in London is lovely "  : - realized i cant make it anywhere in life unless i put god first.... :D " I have excuses too :D &' imma use them... Maybe I'll never meet you, I know I wont and this twitter is the only contact I have with u so pls follow. :D &lt;3 niall please write in Spanish for Latinas
.for  example  HOLA QUE TAL LATINOAMERICAS LINDAS   #BoliviaLoves1D you coming out tomorrow? James wants to go to DL for his birthday in August.  #goodboy! come watch our twitcam :D xx i've got a hang over hooho!! :D (JK) did you get my facebook message? i still get good grades thoo :D did you take a trip to towson maryland because I swear I saw you last night, or you have a twin you don't know about  haha Always such a thrill hunting for vintage! We love it here too   Anything you're looking for? Just waiting for eastenders to come on yes they are great. Millions times better than twilight haha. Yes, the movie comes out in march. :P About to take this nap with  and philip  loll Youre very welcome :D RT  _AveLaDea THANK YOU MOUF GOD since i dont make any tweet this one is just for you  lol sure :P RT   follow back? No matter what you'll always be my best friend Frequent reader points ... please and thank you! :-) Everyone go and follow My current OBSESSION  &lt;3 &lt;3 I Finnish at 10:30 on Wednesday, and 2:20 on Thursday and Friday. But I could always leave early any day  xxx RT  Had an amazing fragrance campaign shoot today! Tony Duran is such an incredible photographer! Love working with him! So cool & talented! Put #Prozac in your shampoo. Nothing "tones" up hair like #serotonin. followed I know but next week ill go the whole week :D It's my birthday today.. wish me a happy bday?  RT or tell me HAPPY BIRTHDAY or follow mee ? :D ♥ RT  13 FOLLOWERS? :-) I finish the 30th of may! and that's just a coursework deadline  #letsdosomethingfunthissummer {you came from such a small town, giving all of us hope} you taught us how Dreams do come true PLEASE notice me  follow.♥18 RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly I'm going out now but #textme asap hopefully! RT   RT  Honored to receive a #StandingO at the #AFLCIO #COPE Roundtable today in Dorchester. #mapoli #ma09 gotchaaa !  omg , i saw him again today ! he's so adorablee ! :DWhen I see ugly people, I make a face, shiver, and say blech :p booo. haha. you should DM me your number. Always RT   guí ar son dom mar Niall Horan mharú dom lena áilleacht
Te Amamos Mucho ♥
Airgintín loves tú ♣
 and i :D Yu should lol RT   awwww  I feel loved Well we made english book notes as always. For ict we have some homework for mrs b which is pages 140-141,all case studies :-) Just grocery shopped  so proud of myself. I got shit done today. Hooray! I'm 27 on 26th April. :D - in the library :D I love the snow enjoyed seeing #oomf , even though I was looking rough he still complimented me But this track thou.. "Goodbye" Cashtime Fam Could you help trend Gaga Is a Musical Disgrace? Fighters and KatyCats are trying to make little Flopsters angry. Going to hang out with my son follow back : ) Ire a ver one day #fafff (that's Fit As Fuck ff)  If you like sensationally hot women who also get up to naughty things. and  just tweeted ya 200 times! We want your follow,please? please can you help me trend Believe Tour To Sweden please  &lt;3

#muchlove &lt;3 can't wait to meet you guys at NAMM :D (watching Community, A Fistful of Paintball... S02E23) dibs!!  :-) it is couldn't believe it when I heard sorry to bring you bad news when you so happy :-) much luvvage xx He always make me :-) september sebeniecher think I'm in a stew will you be doing more during the year? I'd love to save for it if you are Follow me, and im follow you You do everything you do.. So let me ask you something? Why you caught up in mines  ?? Haha Haha good idea, I think I should make u my manager :-) cant change... 21 is my lucky number Happy birthday :D RT  "   haha you girls are too much" haha we &lt;3 you too :p  Everyone follow My Good Pal  , Great Graphics Designer! He does everything from Banners To T-shirts! Even BabyGrows lol Remember to study for Part V exam (Tuesday) and DBQ on Monday over same material...have a good weekend RT  Video: stahhr Shen logo tees … run cop that. why what? :P Class is Coooo today I love his hair :D thanks for telling me!  kristie coming too? it a bit like basket ball but you cant run with the ball you have to pass it around and only the shooters (me) can shoot :D xx colby think I'm dubious and dangerous Hey All please Follow my Nutrition Store  on twitter and Facebook and get a FREE shaker cup with your next purchase!!  :-) i dont really wanna pay £20 for a ticket :L thanks anyway Today is a good friday RT   hey sissy :-) im done now soo... bye :D thanks  RT   "In Time" , "Immortals" , "Contagion" , "Johnny English Reborn" RT  RT for a shoutout, (must be following) :D RT   im from manchester :P x welcome keep it up left hand HAHAHA oh my it was hilarious :') gotta love english hahaha :D When you do interviews and such, do you post them anywhere? So we outside US can check it :-) Jay baby!!!! Done :D RT  Mz_OliviaO follow bk Post CPA exam- catching up on a few weeks of mags that I've been neglecting love you moreeeeee Imma apologize to all the people n MY PAST! FOR EVERYTHING YALL CLAIM ME TO BE I WAS TRU TO YALL I ONLY CAN B ME I knew you would like it! It's wet n wild megalast, the color is "on a trip" :D yaaay! already seen it but gonna watch it again, so funny  one of my favourite actresses you areee hehe! RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Well ya. Plus the hardcore fans who voted! Woooo RT  100th tweet =   , don't feel good :P Love On Top #QMusic RT  RT for a shoutout, (must be following) :D A PICTURE FROM MY VALENTINE'S DAY PHOTO SHOOT Gotta shower real quick then run some quick errands then it's off to LA! IridesCent!!!! :D I Like It -88 Was my wallpaper for the longest time! It's home now  #londonlove These chocolate chip cookies bouta be bomb.. if you shave it off. i will attempt to murder you ;) i'm joking! but yeahh. go blonde RT   you're welcome  &lt;3 I just got to see Charles and it made my day even better!! ohh then first time m talkin wid your soul :P That's cool! I'm glad you're having a good time I thought I recognized the name thanks :D It sure is :-) #BugsBunnyAlbuqerque isn't part of CD anymore. Damon is well since he s my bro he is puke but no he s not. :-) follow back? dm me if you wanna talk about it hey I'm a senior :D tell polo if he smash on breaks nd yu get hurt, that im coming fa his ass  lol ahhh  gooodluckkk :p text me once its over ! {you came from such a small town, giving all of us hope} you taught us how Dreams do come true PLEASE notice me  follow.♥27 I love my headphones "   nope"seems like it today sucked. hopefully tonight gets better. I feel very inspiring today I miss you too! I was singing Blink earlier and thought of you  let's PLEASE hang soon! RT for your fans in South America? If you like Pina Coladas and gettin’ caught in the rain josephina debaets think I'm 132. Developed “ Sorry everyone I've run out of mobile Internet so I'll be off Twitter until later today! Sorry ”
Good on iPhones vou fzr miilk-shake  . Ima be there for the kidd #nomatterwhat  #inlove. #future RT  #RETWEET if you're ONLINE! I'm giving shoutouts to everyone who follows [  ] #HURRY!!  ! RT  I'm so horny! Pin:22EE84A8 #BBM #bbmafterdark #bbmpin #bbpin #teamblackberry #horny #teambigdick #sexchat please only #girls #mujeres I eat pussy when he wouldn't :D ,Gym joined. Bank account a little lighter. I'll be doing some chest workout at home ba3da 9alil :D BOOOM!!!! and it done :p welcome : ) I don't know . It's just one of those days that pretty much suck :p Gonna bore people with lyrics tonight while i get drunk, but......ahhh well :p thanks  xx &gt;°&gt;°&gt;°  &lt;°&lt;°&lt; #nowfollowing  #teamfollowback #autofollowback #tfb #f4f :-) When someone knows you more than yourself cool :D How about U? RT  On the way to Greenville to see Jason aldean & Luke Bryan with  It's gonna be a great weekend  #cheers trust us, if you're not sporting at least one bruise from skating, you're not trying! So, keep up the good work :-) It actually wasn't that bad though :P :p cause im SPECIAL and  just tweeted ya 200 times! We want your follow,please?   10 nf  &lt;3 follow bck ? I am this arvo yeah and PB is so small city :D ...so find it in PB :D RT    Yes, that was it - an aperatif! I remember now *shakes head* // It was a long time ago you have a twin in Lexington, MA. I almost crashed because I thought it was you walking down the street! Aint Listen To She In A While This Used To Be The Shit For showing me the meaning of succes .. In da kitchen n prep suin for myself!!! :D I wanna do paint ball or laser tag! But more laser tag! :D No I mean like, the channel it was on, called Living just stopped airing it.. What episode you on? 12OO followers. (: TY :D any congrats? Hello Enty!  &lt;3 your blog Those are the shoes aw thank you Hello! welcome and thanks for your follow! big up for #Rockstar, QUALITY tuuuuune Lay me down on a bed of roses should feel special cus im aboutta text him firsttt,i only text important people first ! lol Going to chill with Karen and Nataly today and tomorrow and Sunday go to church :D #Weekendbooked video on braces  xx LOOK!! Mint perfection. Thanks for keeping the world a little prettier :D RT  Couldn't think of anythin better than staying in and watchin the soaps and cbb tonight you first wass Hereeeeeeeee : ) I Loveeee My Gay-Gay &lt;3 I read that on your bio  I was just playin along I keep it sane at all times lol :p Worst fucking headache :( napppp.. Then dying my hair it was SO full on! and yey elijah's back :D Maybe this weekend? Or the next?  Since we have three days and alll. RT  Am I the only one who always walks up the stairs on their tip toes ? brinda think I'm elegance and gentility thanks i know  ill be @ ur battle I got a Lhasa !! My mom wouldn't let me get the chow chow ! His name is rasta lol i still love yo Taurus ass too  you finish that stuff at that school ? Always and forever :p Two words , FUK JEEZY  QT   two words I Do.. Woles \(´▽`)/ RT" Mee to (⌣̮̮_⌣̮̮) RT  Galau (⌣́_⌣̀) RT" ‎​˚◦hмм(―˛―“)◦˚ so sweet :D RT Winter Time in Texas beautiful song  Jennette McCurdy - Homeless Heart - With Lyrics:  vía Thank you so much!!!! RT   I adore you and Duke relationship and wish yall many more months :D thanks love Getting my new phone tomorrow the samsung intercept Android phone :D RT  RT for a shoutout, (must be following) :D S'ok I made it home with wine intact, drinking again woohoo! :D x how u doin rob? I responded to ur email hopefully ull get back 2 me 2day so i can put u guys on the program. :-) sir, how you doing? hows your health? hope you have a great weekend... lots of love xxxx  xxxxx RT  Quote of the Day: Live you Life and make your dreams come true!!! Just believe in yourself and listen to your heart lol Thanks dude u werent following me all this while? :| AAP FAIL HAIN :P I MISS YOU KAT! :'-( when are you back m'love? :-) RT  Alright #ff so ...       And   happy friday :D I have a lot of friends and family abroad and everyone prefers another programme due to connection issues haha I'm liking that idea! :P haha &lt;3 oh&you sooo have to give me the recipe for those cookles  yumyumyum. LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL cheers Mercy :D i'm just interesting you see Amy... RT   #FF She really awesome! Like seriously! :-) on now bout to throw some shit on and get my lil bro from school  . follow back? RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly you should meet  and his requests for mod in Liquid SOPA Is Dead   f**k yeaahh !! RT  I get to see     with  tonight follow back? 25 more min!   this week went by fast for me. sure!! If I actually wrote them following you! :p xx RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss Sube las fotos okay boo not a follower, im a leader, #retweet if you got more followers than you are following :-) Shérine ça veut dire douceur en perse mrs cod mrs cod mrs cod :D You know your at a good happy place when hot rolls are being tossed in the air.. :D chillinn  lol hbu? Do me a favour though please. Let me keep The Athletic Park okay? The rest we battle for. :D Cleaning day 2day RT  Hey, guess what...
IT'S FRIDAY, #SmoshFriday, GOTTA WATCH SMOSH ON FRIDAY! :D that's not me being angry!! I'm looking at your pics on skype now Thinking I love dis feeling &lt;3' cool kirstycakes!! I shall pick you up a bit before quarter past then :P x Eveneing!!  How are you today?Thanks! We like the pink too I will  doing the light one underneath cos i dont think it will show.. followed ...that's the outfit!  youu like? Follow back please ?? :D your welcome  how are you ? look what I have :-) thank you  it's much appreciated Cantt Waitt Untill Myy Sistaaa  Comeeee  IMissHerr Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl, you're amazing, please follow or RT me is my big dream  #NSN I love you so much ♥16 thanks! thank you :-) RT  I need minions. Lots and lots of minions. &lt; learn to delegate :P i think your more than milf :P RT  Five more followers, anyone feeling generous enough to give me a shoutout?  RT please? &lt;--- now following Emotionally* Stop it you love me! #JokingMeansILoveYou and  just tweeted ya 200 times! We want your follow,please?   23 I'm downloading it. :D would tag her but she has the most confusing username ever that apparently doesnt exist thanks!  &lt;3 Even a classy lady sometimes has to shovel snow! :-) midterms are over finally! 4 day weekend sure, followed Round of applause to the 13 million people who stood up -#SOPA #PIPA are tabled 4 now #13millioncheers oh thts fine then and a u takin anytin for the cough Having a pretty good day RT  #FF  he coo asf Just got home. Can't wait for the party again tonight. But for now, ill take a rest. Wanna watch kasadyahan tomorrow! right I'm doing it!!! Curry night here we come! : ) yaaaaaaaay  ditto mrs tomlinson  &lt;3 I have that same shirt -.- lmao it's so cute  your hair looks natural! Thank you so much dear I'll be there tonight!! Make me proud!! Good luck yeuup for suree when he gets homee No school... Again! I love the snow! :D I love you with the life♥, thanks for always making me smile, please Follow me  18 RT  i definitely wanna see the pictures  took last night Ive got something going on with  on the low...don't tell nobody tho :-) You're my favourite director of all time. Yeah I just thought you should know that. Oh and that I love all of your stuff. :D xx Movies tonight hey sweetTea pie "twitter" commentary for today's recording :p standard then :p my bf coming over soon please please please please please please get peter to follow me i really love him to bites  please please do  xoxoxo 7beeby thanx Hahaha!! :D xo RT   take good care uh! ♡  drink more water, think x10000000 of me😘 Skating the basement  fuck snow #SMH I'm a Taylor Fan so what? :D Alexandra U know why I said that RT  today sucked. hopefully tonight gets better. yes you will! Beer elves must have dropped them off RT  Yayyyyy! Let's Keep It That Way! Even Though You Bipolar! RT  DreBankz no you sayd ii was mean !  but okayy , me happy now ! Heyyyy Girlss be thinking theyy soo #cutee when they ugly as hell!! #juststop! :-) RT  Zayn: We were walking in the park and I said "look there's a dead bird" and Harry looked at the sky and said "where?" pahaha i want see you RT    Hi Paul :-) TY for following! Nice to meet u! Hope your having a great Friday~ Following u now:-) // Thanks Deana awww divaaa it was so good to see you too!! can't wait to see you and all my sheilas at comp! xxo RT  Me I be virginus :D "  me im a virgin oo" cannnot wait to see  and  tonight  #girlsnight Only 13 :D ♥♥♥ Fighting!! sounds absolutely perfect "Early" casting call mike i hope i get to meet you this year your so lovely n'awww healthy shoe  x u'd have to catch me first  lol what's upp friend?I misss YOUUU wait so you have one at 5:00 instead of 6:00?? :D yes, but will they be "cartoony" kissy faces? I'm just about to give my order I will let you know after :P ahmad klammer think I'm paltry and inglorious  Vote for Ron Paul on the poll :D "mamadou" what a perfect knickname 4 javale mcgee :P  #FF you go like everyday! You need a break :p haha only realised that now!  x hahah nothing just a conversation that a reply i didnt expect I used to spend hours thinking of clever status updates but then I discovered people would rather just see pictures of cats... :D nah I tagged you because I was speaking to someone else..  #lackofbraincells oh uhhhhh that wasn't about you ♫♪Happy Birthday to you...and many more!...♪♫ I could have sworn I was following you already...Hmm...If I'm confusing you with someone else however, pleased to meet you No it's okay. its a boy you're welcome yes powerfm but it has just ended  she is 6months pregnant now, so she is going to be a lil bit busy with her child RT   Paint it black BC, Bad Romance PJ I love eating fishies I'm loving my new nail color We Miss Katherine Pierce  ~  RT if you R a #TVDFamily member!Thks! haha true, but that would confuse the others :p Ah, Friday, finally... : ) is lukin 4 u oo " Abi o ti pare ni RT  Aiye pare ti" Ye ye ye!! :D RT thank you  so why haven't I heard or seen you in forever? :p Tanning someone to look like Mowgli from the jungle book was lots of funRT  Believe Tour To UK ? No wanna be mean, but we ALL know that he is gonna go there. I made my iPhone 4 look like a 3GS white , with a white backing and a black home screen background .   
#classic Aaliyahs coming up here today :D I missed her RT  I completely agree with  !! Tom Felton is so very hot!!! :P retweet my tweet and make me smile  xx RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Feels good to get paid :D NEW Katuary Video is here wishing for a miracles without working on it .. useless hope The best face lift is to simply smile and  just tweeted ya 200 times! We want your follow,please?   35 Working tonight and making money T.G.I.F.= Today God Is First. I'm a 28 :p I love the 'Drunk' video by Ed. :P Cant wait to follow your tweets! Thanks for connecting Watching a movie at dads house :D Hmm didn't notice :D just usual bad day / moment. I have them as well :p and I'm a total piss off then had an amazing breakfast that my aunt made me  soo full and probably weigh 10 more pounds Yes im :D  This is not my real pic :P Are u female or male xD? Will do now thanks Adam Free meal at wow #winning causing trouble in Orono  duhh. But I lost my phone last night so I might have to come back soon to get a new one :p RT   i'm really loving your icon no problem sir :-) Today feels like its gonna be a #goodday #tgif :-) today was the day i first hugged  :D lol RT  Click on Give Your Heart A Break, scroll down and type in your name + code at the bottom PLEASE!!!!!! :D :D 4/4 immm Home #SaudiBio life motto;you only live once,make it count خف علينا ياخالع يا معمر القذافي يا صدام حسين :p downloading music Have to go to this mercedes world thing tomorrow for my brothers birthday,only going because there's a restaurant we're fab thank you, she's so cute  xxx Hey could u RT the J L S tweets in my favourites please would mean a lot  x Happy Birthday  !! :D Damn I feel to gay jamming the song lol melanie fiona 4 am :-) Tgirl got me liking it...haha OMG there is a men in black 3 coming out! :D Welcome  RT   daija! Thank you. Real men buy their girlfriend venti passion tea lemonade atenea He pushes boundaries with food - I like him. The modern day space explorator, but in the kitchen RT  "Believe Tour To UK"  طز!!!! و ستين طز كمان Not sure, you'd have to check with the  folks A late #FF to  for amazing cocktail advice this week. Follow him. He knows his stuff jajajaj que tonta :D هههه كثر آلبس وآنسى آلكشخه .. جآكيت وبشت وتحضن آلدفآيه .. hey  thanks for that warm welcome! Lunch with daddy  &lt;3 (@ Sushi House) Love my life  #ThankfulForEverything RT  Pay day!!! :-) thanks hun glad u like  look out for my 1st solo video called "CARRY ME" on youtube in 1 hour #YANO those are the best days sometimes you raving it to ratpack lovey?! Lool :p xx En el irland con mis chulas I love having the whole house to myself!!  nobody else here, just me & maryjane ;] GO FOLLOW  !! :D i was continuing the theme of us hating eachother from last night? :P #CantTouchThis :P happinezz reloaded.... :-) he have a new username now #Shoutout to all my new followers :p why yes we are attractive I know :( ok,ok so how's school :P ? hey u are so cute babe RT  All CPTs are done and its the weekend ! :D Can you please sign this? 
 &lt;- It means alot to me xx gosh your so nasty lmao but i do love me A good Rim JOB oooo me 2 now your are a fucking motherfucker i hate you. idiot. stupid and miserably person  bye Laura Mercier Balm or Eve Lom Kiss Mix this snow is freaking insaneskies, probably going to a quick little juhstink video outside 100% RT  what is love!? baby don't hurt me :P #instantfollowback ooOoh ai! Man! There's tooO many of them :p excuse my ignorance When the 10th bell rings on a friday I'm following them all. haha I've been 2 Texas b4 but only once :P merciii ma belle jass  cest gentilll xxxx Hi Niall ¿How are you?, hope you fine. I tweet you everyday but nothing, i dont gonna give up, i gonna try and try  xx30 dee loves that place .. Low key my whole fam does  good food. Dont sleep on 'em toy Ahhhh, such a friendly Prehensile Tree Porcupine colony.  Cleaned me out of bananas and cantelope :-) after this, I've just got biological to do tomorrow   then just go over everything til wed! Wooo   xxxxxx RT  Working  booth at the #LAArtShow! Come see us!! You're soooo amazinggg &lt;3 I love youu! Watching princess protection program with my sisters  love these girls! aw you're so encouraging lol but i am gonna apply thank you Martin said there is room for you at coal tomorrow so ill cya there about 8-8.30 Ok..What am I missing? I'm rebloging #Sherlock stuffs you arecalling  nice :D #NooneIsNiceInHell cool! Just start one every 1/2 hour its fab isn't it  i love being busy well gotta wait til Monday now And last but not least...a picture of my baby haha.  apparently she looks like a bear here.  :P i do haha I guess j mag brings ppl together  are you coming up to WI soon!? this is gunna be a gooood friday I have got some amazing news for you tomorrow!!! makes me wonna wee just thinking about it lol yeah  x RT   When I see you in my followers, is like if   follow me. aww thank u  love love love ♥. u dont need reasons just do it you know I'm always up to listening to u & give advise though it might be crazy lolRT   I love you hey when I bake for my colleagues I always do some for our surgery too :-) #theyloveit RT   Follow Back  fasho AMBERRRRRR...hey my love Oh do you know who did? :P Judas ben jij dat? :D Aww Another pretty good week yea teen mom haha! I love this show  xxxx Beginning of my last semester in high school on Tuesday nap time when i get home   want to join? &lt;3 better than a freakin tent when camping no way lol will be picked out of a hat. We got a ten man footie team comp planned :-) RT   I love you my little snicker doodle...I mean hi also yeahh, lol we have to get drunk before mondayy :p maybe tomorrow ? Lol lol i know  , and oh das coooo haha fuck youuu! Ewww, its a good movie :D oh nvr heard of o.o -kisses ur neck- u smell good xD thank you &lt;3 lool that's what I dad said :p RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly I'll come over later and eat all your snacks up lol Band time :-) :D Chris Cheers mate I have followed back so let's enjoy the ride & party  Top Gun on Twitter a must 2 follow #ff Fair enough! RT  I hope there's a day when Cancer would be just a Zodiac Sign. lol whatever. :p Watching #cbb then having a indiann Can you please sign this? 
 &lt;- It means alot to me xx followed  Follow back ? you guys need to meet up on the Twitters and also for SMW.  That is all Off to profile in soho. In need of a drink I knoww, sad, smh . You should go to my Public Safety teacher after shook &amp; see what I made on my Vocats : ) I wish I had 2 jobs like u -_- hard worker benny yeamans think I'm fuming and bustling Just Got Off The Phone w / my moma  I lovee that lady ! I joined the Army ROTC today, I get my uniform Monday...can you say Beach Body by March 2nd? tyger dont ignore me now  FOLLOW ME dude do ygm? Xxx Everyone follow  :D You got to meet her! Wow, that's amazing. You can see my hands and half of my face at the front! haha Ayye he'll yea you are SOPA Is Dead  finally. RT  RT for a shoutout  : ) This music is so inspirational :-) I'm having a good day hiii  how you doin stranger x My Chemical Penguin is trending and I'm watching a concert videos with them right now! AWESOME! :D good yay! Have fun :D &lt;3 RT  Had my chick-fila for the day  #toogood How much for? an when? Ouuui et toi ? just checkin ur still alive ? haha :D x cuz i'm in your category  duh!" #HornyJonasWhores RT  Echelon, let's trend 30 Penguin To Mars ♥ #replacebandnameswithpenguin dude you guys are so awesome! thanks for the super nice post about our Persol film Phrase * #Coucou We are always the last kid standing :p thank you your welcome #kumraphotofriday coz u can't beat cheap energy drinks makes me smile he's 16, almsot 17 (; Yep, I bet he'll have fun :p RT  #ThingsICantStand    fake people  , ignorant people ,  bullies ,  slow connection and 92% of new music RT   i like it Juice fm and the jäegar is flowing  x x You are the sweeeeeetesttttttt &lt;3 You'll def win it next year  #nodoubtaboutit : ) like the lady who sent fax repeatedly: 'OK - we've got it.'  Lady: 'You can't have it - it's still here in my hand.' I highly recommend you follow Shannon Schmid  & subscribe to her blog  while your at it.  #ff Exit, warkop :D RT   aha, I really do &lt;33 Darlene & I have plans for all of us :D haha so I've heard, the tea she drinks has catnip in it.. I looked it up.. you guys are sick :P Dasright lol RT   you right I do have beautiful mocha skin & I am skinny. Thanks RT  Satan: who dyslexic kids ask for Christmas presents. :-) can you follow me back? Cereal Was GREAT ,  Well Not Better Than Poptarts . this is you like a HARRY-SUPERHERO we did it in school on art!its cool isnt it?!i just kidding! :D can i have a random tweet from  ? Watching beirut hotel, interesting wanna text me ? I'm Sexy && I Know It : ) RT  Lie in in the morning :D ... For most people -_- #saturdaystudy does Eleanor have a twitter? thnx yu 4 the birthday wishes RT  RT IF YOU SUPPORT ''JELENA''  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU [must be following me] iwish everybody was alwasy happy 
well not always becuz that wuld be annoying , lOl i mean that :D heheh Well duh, I have no other alternatives. Scotty best of luck 4 2mro  hpe we get decent result Yeaaaahhh, I was kidding. You're one of my more favorite people that I rarely talk to, lol. lol ! My bad Haha , but aiight cool NF. Follow Back Hey could u RT the J L S tweets in my favourites please would mean a lot  x Going To Go See #Oomf Today : ) we look forward to it it'd be gr8 if i could see it :p how ya doing sis xxx That's great, beautiful countries. I'm from Colombia, you should come sometime. Shoutout to my new followers nope! Im a great friend! Thank you RT  RT IF YOU WANT ME TO SEND ARIANA GRANDE YOUR USERNAME!  [must be following me] Wheyyy :D haha, now for the rest  Love you too   xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Certainly! Ask him to contact us via  and we'll be happy to build a great offer for him :-) ^BHRT  I can't wait until The Vow comes out :D The district line messed up my coffees tech with  This is like the 5th raincheck!! I got red velv cupcakes to make for it!  :D RT  Please support... #RedTails #RedTails #RedTails #RedTails #RedTails #RedTails #RedTails #RedTails #RedTails #RedTails #RedTails #RedTails Btw Goodmorning please follow me back!  x RT  #ff  mi sister I love &I tell her everythn :-) alhamdulilah  you seem a bit down from your tweets :( cheer up inshaAllah x I stole my bff phone and found these #xxx #porn #sexy #pussy shots xoxo :P  #1 good, I hope you make it bigg  I'm around, ya know, keepin' a low profile, staying off the grid, but I'm around. Off to the cinema to watch The Sitter looks fucking jokes Ich liebe dich yay!! Yes pleaseeee help me baby! just followed a squirrel home :P follow for follow? pizza hut answered  ! S/O to my new follower   #teamfollowback why would fans do that!? Last I checked they were supposed to respect you :P kk well ill be there when ever you get there  ill save u a seat! RT  RT if you want me to do some #imagine's about One Direction Leaving Sunday for Florida damnn! So I guess I'll see you next week! RT  How to be followed by us: 1) Retweet this. 2) Follow  for us! 3) Tweet us 'done' if you did! sila lee ba yun? Love your drawings especially the SuperSic one, Epic!! It's like a happy butt parade out here everyday :-) (@ A to Z Dog Ranch) thank you  x what's good miss lady? Chinese........done. Now time for a little beer :-) followed back doll when i can be arsed to get of my arse.. ;) I'll have a look in the freezer to see what we've got  xx Thank you  Yours is amazing though! Thank you again! Tis brilliant x Now following  follow back : ) RT    Hi, hor are you? Well.....i shouldn't. #nf  follow back! RT   does Perrie have a middle name? if so, what is it?  #askjonnie Yes ohh! :D RT  I'm fyn ojare,anyfin new?" My love, hawayu?  RT   my friend :|" Got my glasses today... #nerdlife :P Tracy's Hot Mail up to 29 in kindle fiction short stories  thanks folks Goodmorning!!! 
How ware you? Watching The Wall Thank you lovely Tracy :-) Fishbowl Friday!!  #love 1.54 om precies te sijn - jy bnt 1.58 ofsow ! :p RT  RT for #younowfam #FF...:-) :-) to all my followers thankyou honey! hope you're getting better  &lt;3 RT  I'm loving this snow!!! :D RT  Finally  have taken delivery of our cars. They are the 888 Vectras. That will do nicely : ) As u know..I get them all but like US & Star..see your release info in both shuddup. Well Hello Sexy! Finally A Lovely Home Grown Milf,, Yummy....  follow me sexy Follow Back please?? RT  Niggas fina b snowed in lol hurry someone come over n we'll be snowed in together Wooo its  bday in one month have a good one :D your very welcome! good luck tonight RT  TODAY IT'S 1D FRIDAY FACTS! :D I'm not!! Lol and love you too!!  &lt;3 Lmaooooo   stfu!!! im still living She love her some Jalen's haha  #ShouldFeelGrateful followed you  could you follow  pretty please? :D Came second in the feile peom delighted!! :D x Oh awesome! :-) RT   No math 4 u, no revision 4 me, it's been a good day oh.. I thought this is how it work, maybe i shoud add cofee lover and some thing about bacalona :p S/O TO MY WIFE  FOR BEIN GOOD :-) yeah a little bit, I'll be back on monday to torment the class as usual  gerardo think I'm rebellion and disloyalty Get a high score on Temple Run...oh it's gonna be a good day! :D Me and  are coming to England in August.. ANy Chance u'd follow us?  xx Estonia loves you xx 55 SO FAR ''RED TAILS'' GETTING SUM GOOD REVIEWS.. :-)    CANT WAIT TO SEE IT Just had a good ass nap.in history :D Anytime! Can you shoot me a friend request so I can add you  my name on there is Mary FitnessFreak. How was the workout today? RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly RT  Had the most AMAZING couple of days with   and of course  Very, very happy bunny RT   Sorry about that! Give it a try now. Stayed home from school with sissy  three day weekend! coz everyone loves you :-) just say click this link
*link to other tut*
And ur done :P RT   it's nice connecting with you on twitter, it's nice to see that you are such a big lover of Jesus :-) me 2 I am starting to SEND those emails  #viola #playdate #haircut thata girl! No time for the BS negative energy! Keep that gorgeous head up :D we want Bruno & Demi Duet Is Kicking My Butt.. Into Shape  #FeelTheFIRE 28A1562A good then we can like you know. FaceTime i love  , and i know he loves me back  , someday he will notice me , I KNOW THAT. Oh - do we know when you'll be hitting the small screen yet? hahahha you jokkaa, I'm knackered right about now..  xx Rain Pon A Friday Niceeeeeee :D Thanks boooo thanks so much for following. Have a wonderful weekend Ohh Okay Then Lol :P Happy birthday to me!!!!!!!!!! Xxxx :-) &lt;3 ugh i've missed my momma. shopping and beauty & the beast 3D!!  #perfectdayDoing some Samaritans stuff for a couple of hours on Sat and Sun. Otherwise just chilling out. Have a good one! :-) RT  Shot me out of the sky, you're my kryptonite...Every time I hear this line now I always imagine Harry doing his funny poses :D thx need it  muah!! Naaaah, em they have like junior and leaving certs :L I'm doing my junior cert this year :P Are you doing any exams or..? :L xO Oh right, i thought you just said it to yourself every night before going to bed :P Just curious, why do u watch so much TV but wont the kids.   Loved you and Dana today and yesterday. RT  Cranberry & Ciroc can i see absinthe for windows today? or is better then i go to sleep  ? gosh. im listening to CS songs, and theres literally a HUGE smile on my face :D vikki gonzeles think I'm labor and drudgery treadng on twitter  soo ima pick the world up and drop it on ya &*^$%* head  wayne Thanks so much! Happy Birthday to you, and celebrate with  - New series of the Now Show :-) Tragedi sndal ilang :p RT  Part 3 in my January Series. Thnks to all my fellas,my Pman,n my guys. Love all, we're rocks!! Gmorning  ƪ(˘⌣˘)┐ ƪ(˘⌣˘)ʃ ┌(˘⌣˘)ʃ have a nice day  RT   gnight. yeah anyone that doesn't have ups and downs ain't normal haha! Thank you thank you My beastly new bag for weekends visiting Uni peeps and airsoft :D a very true grimling  do itttttt SAALVE A TODOS DON TWITTER :D " THIS RT “  is just mad nobody will fuck him”" that's just not true aww You're welcome!!  xoxo In Starbucks with mmh. Your actually pretty fine.  Lol. So I guess thats an extra follow on your end. :-) Whats up :P “ #FF the best ninja in the whole universe :D  don't 4get to follow  new leader of the Oniwabanshu! One more week and then I'm off to D1D for 13 weeks, it'll be nice to bust out of D1C for a bit  #Intel With that said: ChrisBrownFortuneMarch2012 will slay your life!! TeamBreezyTakeOver!! :D okk I love you too! the weather is just not okay!!!! #SummerPleaseHarryUp & the Hope ! so excited for #1Dupallnighttour with     &  tomorrow :D Anyone else want a one shot? By the way, it doesn't have to be McFly Ooh maybe that's why ardd , good lookington cousington I know right! I can see you rockin it.! Thanks! So do you your welcome They're not that desperate are they? she is great! I do.. I'm thinking of going to SD for my bday the vampire diaries chicken and chips :-)  #fatty #nightoff also, my momma said I can borrow her laptop so we're gonna skype and sesh it all night k? White coat commercial...Really? oh my...that dreaded thing!  :P  (cc: You're welcome! And thank you for mine too Hahaha soz! :P Lol I use that lie often, ill just start tlln them the truth. RT  - i didn't lose my contacts , i deleted your number . welcome year after finishing Uni.  xBx  PLEASE TELL JUSTIN THAT WE WANT HIM IN THE MIDDLE EAST MORE THAN ANYTHING IN THE WHOLE WORLD! YOU'RE THE BEST! :D All you need then is a handsome man to help you recover quicker RT   like the picture Can you please follow me back?  Love your icon! So cute! only if you follow me back :D gol triptonic fernandes bjk 2-0 :D Hello  Follow my friend  she follow back ♥ She will be really happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: Wow, ... nope :P but it'll do Earlier 2day with a friend can't wait for hear your new album ! hey cheers  right back atcha xx what's avi? heheh i feel stupid right now. RT     I think the montage is a cool idea #FF  Fellow drawerer. Brother from another mother. Follow de koning. :P RT  Jasminators!!! I'm doing a new App about love/relationships  ask me any relationship questions here RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Let me send this nice text! :D yeah  lol & idk yet I'm trying to go to hawaii though. Fuckin smashed.... #NoChance I'm stayin out...need a good munch. & smoke HA! No one can overthrow me! You wanna go?!? Bring it. Jan 21st, 1764. Be there or be square. :P Let me put somethin in ya life Movie night with Phil  #thegreenhornet wish u could be better :-) Now we are in Cali  #jealous? Hello  Follow my friend  she follow back ♥ She will be really happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:... I always do my hair for some reason, I think it's cos I'd rather go out with no makeup than horrible hair :P x Well as a charity we are based in 2 places aha :P Crawley and Peterborough HAHAHA. :'D I'M KINDA FREAK, YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT. HAHAH. :D ♥ i am very well thanks  xxx Ooh Ookhaay nice I will listen right now ! i think you gonna heard too harold think I'm audacious Yeaah Im getting married :P Made some cinnamon swirl bread. Productive snow day Its raining so I'm taking a nap, ttyl tweethomies :D well was going to,bloody patch download is only halfway through.oh well maybe next time thanks  enjoy skiing pal well hope y'all have fun #FF  car demain c'est son birthday! When ppl call me khaleelee : ) &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; RT  #9 Your background *dead* & you look proper pretty in your icon :D we've talked abit and you seem really nice :D should speak more though x lol you can barrow them I missed you sleep, its nice to see you again Trusss We Will Arange Somethinkk Soon Yeahh :D 22 followers? Can anyone help me out please?  xx i super missed you guys!!!  & parel :DRT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU gott to see my baby boy  took him a some timmy hoes ! so he could be all warm.. more likely gonna be with jor coco tonight  love her Picking up Nathan from school ! Doctor Phil and chinese food until then Thank you for reading this, I have officially wasted your time :p Escape Island Ep. 2 LIKE Y COMMENT ... Gracias :-) Persuaded  to go nandos with me  #OnlyTakenMe4Months Yay   It's going to be the best birthday ever x shannon think I'm healthy Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl   follow me please...te amo♥94 Happy birthday  See you tonight  // Thx Joi!! Cant wait one of these days I'm gonna find me a boy who will let me drink beer in bed and watch tv. and make me laugh. I just wanna smile again your welcome hun, have a great weekend.  xxx woo :D i'll be watching  laav you!;* x there I followed u gurly Viel Spaß :-) Going great so far!! enjoying it actually :P got a goddamn reply from chris daughtry that made my day :P I want some subway or papa johns : ) I'll have everything I'll ever need, carrying your love with me. RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss Very cool portfolio site made with Foundation:  (auf Deutsch so if German's not your thing, use Chrome Where's my new twitter ladies :D #UhUhUh to you all #Onetwoooo ou, tenkju Remind me to send you an email, found an infosec speaker who knows his shit and also speaks fluent not-english We are you alls biggest supporters, ariel, tee, haley and lauren RT    Can you  FOLLOW  ? She´s amazing ♥ &  she follow back : ) Quite the distaste for the south / SEC for someone who does a lot of business down here. :D &lt;3 Ironically, I can't, I'm staying at  house for the UFC! :D awwwww. You're too kind #Worldstoughesttrucker love it, i'm such a freak I'm going on the 3rd March : I'm sure she'll be there :D She pobably wont take another holiday for a while after this Grandpa out of hospital not well but still out My new sounds: "Go Both Ways" instrumental on Soundcloud  Go Both Ways  on #SoundCloud RT   Well, I hope you find your very precious Marc Wilson shirts soon :P We wouldn't want an unhappy Kayleigh, now, would we?  xx So now if I do these 2 packets it should be at a 90 :D ask her to make you an English one then :p We thought so! A fun family afternoon at the ice rink, followed by hot chocolates to warm up. Sounds perfect non posso I'm back! I play with my ears when I'm nervous. :P helllloooo there I'll check my diary....  :-) ( Ta much, same to you. well yes i guess you're right! I don't have a need :-) x Coolio, BEEN done lol But Thx  cute Avii Btw how can i make a request hell yeah.. I did 4A too follow back I'll be there tm! 's 2012 would be amazing if she won a Brit, so please keep voting, it means so much to her  please RT #heartbeats &lt;3 RT  I'm in the studio working on my album, better get back to work guys. I'll be back later! :-) x You'll love it! CHECK IT OUT PLZ  ! #RT #COMMENT (FollowMe) its alright, same to you greenhouse church wrecker yeah I will do.  ill just do the website and then go from there x Of course!   You know were the ultimate party store with the best selection and prices! Can't wait 2 use my moroccanoil treatment tomorrow beautiful long thick shiney  hair here we come Vote to save  :-) #frankietowinCBB Baking dads cake. Having a cider! ha you love it dont give me this  yeah im not bad thank you, chilling with a cheeky pint as we speak, alls good x Happy Friday!!! Hope you rec'd my DM. Let's chat soon! I subscribed. Now can you follow me back please? I'll love you forever and ever Yoooos haha I'd rather Eddie Long RT  John_Murk that's how it starts Creflo Dollar. :-) RT   is vice asshoooole RT   - Its ok boo fuck ur ex's im ur future &lt;3 "the truth will set you free"  the truth is God created us...sent his son to save us and free us of our sins.  Put your trust in THAT Intellectual conversations w|  ! I could star rapping  if I  wanted to. Hehe :D me and  and my dad are coming to see our little sr play :D tyrell think I'm limited and abbreviated If you could change your name what name would you change it to? #MrCelebUKandTW please pick me :D thank u. it's the thought that counts  #FF #Sydney You have looked. Thank you. followed! RT  I passed my Biology and Tech finals : ) yeaaa yeaa yeaa ! okay beautiful follow back? haha yeah he's pretty good, Have you heard his song Wake Up? It's a great tune  xxxx I am aaa curlieeee♥  wass suuper goed'' me & little sister made the decision that if all our other plans fall thru, we'll go see a movie. quality time aww... That's sweet :D
I'll do my best to find one for you juss camee homee & gotta go food shopping alreaddy : ) #shessh Cory finally got accepted to penn state YAYY 1
GO FOLLOW--&gt;  
Please please follow back? :D
I really love you! Please follow this account(  ) thx  :D make me smile! thank you:-) i know soo lucky just need liam to follow now haha i wish  xx I'm good as nearly always  x Now following  Follow back... not all  haha #FF  and  :-) RT  Goodmorning   // morning cutie I will one day U know wah they say bro, change is d only constant thang. :D RT  U go just dey change (cont) ja precies haha, am i just paranoid? Am i just stoned? :D thanks bby poor thin hope you feel better sooon  just relax for a few days Workin too damn hard. I'm not doin shit today though!   What's been goin on with ya? happy sabbath RT  My mom when she was in highschool!baaack home 7th Pd i missed this today, and even knew it was going to be on!  oopsies.  THANKFULLY it is replayed here!    mark... In a good mood oh yeeaaa :-) Just trying to do my best impression of you both out there :-) thank you  ♥ yeahh  ill need to buy the stuff but yeah i will, can you follow me back? It's Friday!!!! LmaO @ my neighbors outside....fighting over chicken!  lol eh ok thanks mate what is it going to be of? Reblog if you want a "why are you so..." in your ask. - Please do this. :-) Tonight it's chinese soap !! :D Mid day loving :-) The #snooker just zoomed in on Murphy and behind him there was a kid practically turning himself inside out with the biggest yawn ever :D thanks so much!!!!! We're really excited RT  Woo!  Won our first game! 2-1! Off to Katy Mills Mall now Having 'brunch' right now :P Glad to have you on board! :-) yeeeeeeeess u know how we do Thx for the follow hey  and  and  made -A out of stones  #PrettyLittleLiars haha that's my DP! :D x  RT  #FF   my bestfriend sissy monkey butt  she's beautiful so follow her Some doubters on Stryper Tube want a side by side photo of you & the snowman. I say let you record. : ) I Followed, Follow Back! Thanks Happy for you  ihihihikk :D RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly If ur feeling bold, go for the brown. If not... Stick with blonde love Somehow, being busy keeps me on an ultimate high & I love it thats cute  i like cucumbers Its def.ly nap time, but i enjoyed my day.! Awh Heeey hehe :P And i feel like i aint seen you in ages :/ xx sound's like a good idea :-) u'll need it lol ! ... My baby is soooooooo fucking cute ,  Nobody compares #RS , Lily is going to the mechanic mondayyyyy #FF My Girl hahaha do youu have to guess what youu wrote ?? :p lol It's been a busy week. Time to have a glass of white and watch #Quins :-) oops. Thanks  RT  I am the perfect shade of brown I love #NewGirl such a funny show RT  " think ,  Cute!! Shoutout to  for the #FF ! thank you honey. Thank you :-) It's the Dr Oetker silver spray, much nicer finish than the PME one!! wiley think I'm galling and humiliating lol get off her back followed + love your icon okayyyyy i'll be there  lemme know if any plans change xxxxxx duuuuude ; i wanna go to Kuwait !! :D #Justsayin Lool. Im Only Playing would you ever date a fan?  xx #opMegaopload haha see you're still stalking me, even on twitter!! :P nope malacca + KL haha happy new year too! ^^ Cause im the nigga that tld them niggas that tld dem niggas bout you!!!! Getting up, moving on, and not looking back. #thankyoulord :3 lmao no taste in books either :P and didn't you tell me? xX what the hell are you here RT   - yes , hopefully : ) s/o to the new followers! yes, how may I help u?... Holy God.. I just loooove you guys! Come to Denmark now, or I'll probably die :P Haha! xD
Consider it! :P RT   &  are so lovable. :P u got tweeted by  sooo proud darling  xxxxxxx soo happy for u  x You have to watch TVD!! Stephan w Elena!!!! :D ♥ haha jah :p oooh i wanna go, what is the site? :P and btw yours is very true!! ;) just looked at your tweets and pics, loving them all :-) x awwww bless hope u ok how is ya say so far xx :-) ill talk to jared and let you know! Everyone that has been asked in the Interviews what they would do with the money,  "All have said they would help others!  So Cool! RT  Seeing Travis porter in the Ville  we go hard he's performing on campus hahahahahah haha this conversation saved my day  love you both&lt;3 will indeed gimme 5mins or so babe I did & loved it...so I 'liked' it on YT *again* awww I think I miss you more though than you would ever miss my singing Icon  Love it! RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU Remember this?  &lt;3 Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen it must be absolutely freezing there then :O or maybe im just a wimp that cant take the cold :P Just gave blood, forth time now :-) Follow  she follows back lol duh thats me :-) wassup haha! See you tomorrow Yes. Can you & sister make a cartoon from that ? Applies to everyone. I believe atheists are on the wrong path & need to get connected with Almighty. Watching The Other Guys :D i love this movie......... And i love you mark wahlberg:D RT  #TheBestFeelingIsWhen you know you got somebody good, thats down to ride w/ you through any & everything Anyways .. bouta eat some chinese food Happy Friday, y'all! Sorry I've been MIA! :-) Thanx sweetie!  x billyy!!!!!!! So close to 35K!! Please follow  let's help gim to get 35K and more!! :D please Billy follow me ♥♥♥♥♥;D Haaa nooo lol I'm trynna take them off already ! I'ma go get them re did on the weekend You know I was calling Ranbir's pic hot :P Because i couldnt care less about 'standards'#MrCelebUK i'm very unlucky so if I win that'll be just a shock! But GOOD LUCK EVERYONE  3 LUCKY GIRLS ASFAOETEA x122 RT  RT if you think our world is messed up ... and you want to work #TOGETHER to fix it how are you Yes.. I guess my cover has been blown! You can also follow me  :-) Hi ☺" Haha, troublesome beauty! :P RT  U cd v changed ur avy along wif ur handle u kno ☺.lol (cont) knocking on the heavens door - guns N roses :D Horrors xxxx Broke the temple run game to where a can get as far as i want without doing ANYTHING Benjamin Booboo is on the internet! We haven't spoken it what feels like a gigatonne of years (aka 5 and a half)! How are you? :D Been up dng shit since 8:30 now I'm finally still :-) Quickly set up, for fun:  :p lmao nelly, i swear that will forever be one of the funniest things you have ever said but i will forsure & a girl :D Thanks &lt;3 RT  3:35 Come On - Good Luck WCHS @ Bunn --- And Good Luck To  &  With They Game Too : ) #FridayShoutout Followed. lol hope you don't miss me too much :P Hello world!!! :D I have a headache! #VeryRelevant #NotReally #Dying Currently blasting out Internet friends by knife party, toob it and groove on down :-) You're amazing! :D 739 aye Hmmmm....yeah kiss me ass glad you take note :P x happy birthday to me BossHoss  :D oh, okay  what's up? YAY MY 2500TH TWEET. what to say? *thinks* lets promise myself- im guna make 2012 better then how its started  any contributions accepted. that islanderjerk is just too good a scrathing post, I cannae help ma sel' sometimes. What a total belter he is! :D kim think I'm separated im doing good  , in you At the apple store about to get my dawg  an iPad for her birthday Don't we all envy & hate him for making such awesome stuff? I know I do :p Yeap sure am!  better put in work tonight! I really feel like i escaped from middle school when i wear these Everything is coo with the earphones in. :-) have a great night & weekend sweet pea ) I'm always holding u hand in my thoughts  xxx HI NIALL, I LOVE U CAN YOU TWEET ME? KISS FROM ITALY xx  x9 kaee :-) Completely set for #dramanyc have every single item of clothing, all I need todo I pack! :D Follow back? trikine 3ayshe bil awhem :P but i really have a good feeling about sunday ... lets hope well be happy goonerettes at the end I created you on the sims.. I couldn't resist :-) #looking peng your welcome That was a good shower kissing my heart and all my little body parts AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW RT  Montage video is here  Once this link -  has 100,000 clicks il put up the official video Calling all football punters! Follow  to keep up to date with our latest betting specials and movers! :-) that phone conversation was just RT  RT  God doesn't need my permission to bless ME. :D ekdum  expeditions , adventure... kya paat future mein some tedx organizing committee would invite you for a talk :D the secret of free energy has arrived  dope! istersen senın tarıfı twetede verelım :D That's alright Canada loves the boys!  we have a gift for them when they come to Toronto I'm sure you will love too RT  JAJAJAJAJAJA  go for them Light! :p " I got this drank in my cup." Myyy jammm Awww thank you nikki  RT  Happy Birthday  !!!!! Hope it's as amazing as yooooou Migraine. Wahhh. This sucks. Watching Land Before Time. follow the real Brandon  lmao hahaha aww thank you the same for you i'm your first follower I love you oh,don't worry  If I'm talking to you while I'm doing it,I can enjoy it more xD just wanted to say I fully support you in this no matter the reason.  it's completely up to you. #ff  because she goes for it. I've seen her run 50k just for the crate of wine! and she's luvverly :-) i'm feeling to good right now  i dont know whyTho. I love looking at the snow from the warmth of Morrison haha, he's terrible :P and so random :P thnx  RT  Happy b'day ..  RT  Happy b'day  ..!! I agree, hence my nerdiness, and yours :D &lt;3 ¡DOLLY! Pasame el link del video diary nf  &lt;3 follow bck ? Eating a banana split at work...big thanks to Mrs. Sophia & Ms. Liz...I enjoyed it (even though yall can't read this :-) I feel like a therapist today,, but I'm glad I can help a friend out try a joint :P it heelps always :P You bet!!! Wish you were here last night for ladies night!!! Now you've piqued my curiosity! I'll be very interested to see the final resul! :-) I love being extremely loud and obnoxious in the hallways so good! I ordered the small & am kicking myself for not going big! Already thinking when I can come back love you, Robbie hi back  she wanna skype with you she says:P : www.presentersearch.com ... Should I go for it?? :D Hey i was wondering if i could get your thoughts on this speed art cheers! :D its next week saturday baby :D lol lol! very true and can work with CM :D !!! awe, you're so sweet  but I don't want to infect you! Lol plus I'm scared to eat it. Haha that hasn't been working out well. it's been a while since i heard your phone ring #MyheartsaStereo :D dats watsup boo might as well gt married ! Please follow NF da beautiful   thanks for da follow ma ! You have the best job ever. Gunaa be a goodnght boys Ahh..Me & Baby Being Bored At Home good night last night :-) RT  hope use all checked out that video of Jarvo earlier if not here it is again   :D followed u back  x it sucks .....get android tab and feel the power of Google :-) the cloud!!!! It's been to long #tonight hehe He know ima winner OMG u need to get fb, megan put a video of u and jess up on there :P xNight in with anth lots of sweeties and pizzas and his shit crack i would really like to make these Yes I Do iaew :D I LIKE WOUE JOB thanks Becky!!! You're a star really? Am not that sweet. O.o
I miss you too boo. Glad I got to see you haha Rajshahir past record dekho.local player gulao anek valo...  dami cricketr thaklei team hare besi All the best for the man city games RVD #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin... My Chemical Penguin WTF ? :D Thank u for following me. Its my pleasure Thank you  &lt;333 Worrrdddd? lol Dedicate it to me! :D RT  Who Wants My 10,000th Tweet ? Ok I've added a ton of things to the CLEARANCE album. Will add more later!  For now, I need to get some sleep... ohh kl  im from birmingham sides lol mision from scotland aha RT     CHECK IT OUT PLZ  ! #RT #COMMENT (FollowMe) I've been tweetin #MrCelebUK all evening, mainly on my profile but on yours now too!! if you were wondering, thanks! xxx 2nd happiest I've ever been in my entire life :D RT  It's Kama‘aina Friday! Bring in your Hawaii ID and get 10% off your purchase  Have a beautiful weekend!!! hahaha nuts! I am playing in Malmo & Stockholm soon  will be my third time there in the past year! life is good! hows u? #countrytweetRT  I love bake pork chop and chicken Happiest day ever!!!  is following me!!!  &lt;3 This is my own admin team, so they already know my work.  I may start with a Google search, though: this is the picture that made me tweet that, i reblogged it a minute ago haha :P That workout felt tooooo good now time to shower and start my day where are you from!? Someone text me & entertain me on the way to this meet  #dontbeshy ! hahah so true! i'll deff take you up on that  love and miss you too! thanks love! RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly yep! Started series 3 last night :-) Just had a great "Day Date" with  - still in love with that guy! Now, getting kids & figuring out family night! *whispers* okay ,your secret is safe with me :D lil bit lil bit...and im so basic today...im just in a good mood today Follow bck #TweetPause :D HAAHAHAH its alll gooooooood :P and having a fantastic time with  :D #goodtimes Bro, you're still alive :D x Awwh have you ever got a reply?  RT  Yes! I love her so much. I could talk about her forever. xD RT: iddl0vato: I know whoooo me? :P yay glad you guys don't support it haven't worked sat nights for ages, that's one night, an invite you would have known that! #itsnotallaboutyou yeah, up4footie x this is cute #IDoShipNiam Thanks you lovely man you  #FF Follow  Please  She's talking about you all day   37 - Thx so much! :-) Buy some nice shoes today from topman?;-) my cousin served you. Haa! :-) &lt;3 my love is what you MISSING ! Goodnight all my cam is stop moshun, cuz my hubby knows i"ll tak pics from movin car-lots 2 b seen @ night :-) thank you lovely :-) &lt;3 RT  Hey tweeps, be a good (and early) bird and buy your tickets now (with discount until 15 feb)!  Please RT :-) I Love It peak for u. u got toilet role hanging out of ur arse lmao :D esperem q no Reached home Thanks  , you too, have a great one yeah it is Yes I didn't want to see dem boobies I have followed you back! :D Congrats to the new Ubuntu Forum Council Members RT  On the phone to   Love that girlllll My sexy baybee talkin to me always great to engage RT  hey everyone! my new video 'LEFT HANDEDISM' is up now :D click here to watch:  plz RT for loves&lt;3 RT  were just cool kids :D x HI NIALL, I LOVE U CAN YOU TWEET ME? KISS FROM ITALY xx  x4 “  Im about to make some cupcakes and bring them into english on Monday for your birthday ” that would be awesome :D this makes me so happy good luck tomorrow Demba! Give Papiss our regards too  #nufc i'm backkkk!! Le stir fry is in my tummy :D Ok watch RT  you mean "roll" anyways thats dead. You go out i go out  mmk. RT  Thats how No problemo!  Looking forward to your tweets!    Come check us out at Time and smile are 2 critical things in life~Sumtimes time makes u forget how to smile and sumtimes someone's smile makes us forget time first chance I get imma be there  #pinkypromise Tag Team hogaya yeh to.. :P Aamna on defense,  &  on attack..!! :p RT  I opened it a little for u. Slow day at work #followback :-) Sometimes it's better stay alone :D #Pedroparadise more like :-) #lovingtheOAPs Thanks Hariz!  RT  Happy birthday, akmardean ! sebastian biase think I'm plot and verisimilitude RT  i'm excited to see what  has to say on his new vids today RT  Stop adding up ya problem and start counting ya blessings that's why you gonna stay in like always lmao :P RT  #FF RT  #Slovenialoves1D THE LITTLE CHICKEN HAS SWAG!!!!!! NEED TO BRING 1D TO US, SO THEY CAN MAKE IT MORE SWAGGY! :D foolow back dong bang  RT WELL PLAYED Yaroo :D
U Guys ARE REALLY INTELLIGENT  

GAME katim, Listen SONG ;)

~aMy~ She said no problemo!!! Might even have some chocolate biscuits too! : ) FREE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ Hope everyone's having a great Friday! :D A month until  's birthday!!! RT  RT if you want a shout out Always appreciated, Roger. :-) RT  #FF    #teamfollowback #realshit :P x ii just wanna see you strip right now , :ptalking about Harry Styles the whole day long is so sexy  ! &lt;3 yea lol i should really start haha but good luck RT   hey  and  and  made -A out of stones  #PrettyLittleLiars " Smh u asshole...u crazy mayne!RT   WTF NINJA I Ain't ur HOMEGIRL LOL"LMAO :-) :-) Make ur #ndublets happys fazer from newcastle and follow us plz, weloveyoouu  +  ♥♥♥♥ NANA NIII !! Xxx I can't wait til tomorrow LOOOOLLLLLL! thank you  ikno Nothing like a casual phone call with your mom in the middle of the day. She's my favorite  #loveher thanks Watching Boyz N the Hood  one of the best movies RT   We are boring bored crazy?? :D is out dj-ing, I'm adding final touches to a commission....working and doing what we love Love you !  #ClubRocker !  I miss u :( RT  Now only 2 more...........please RT?  xxx Tanks for following. so yeah... i like vanilla sponge if you're turning up at my door :-) corinne think I'm certain and verifiable Do all u wear them lol RT  hope use all checked out that video of Jarvo earlier if not here it is   :D love you too dude! Stop encouraging him! I'm more than enough woman for Keegan to handle :P On the road to Atlanta! Already time for a Starbucks stop!  #caffeineaddicts hey birdy like it :D ;* look who it is ummm u 2,  we'll jst stick 2gether lol  xx Bacon. Eggs. Waffles RT  “ Seton play Marist on tuesday!,  gon be a good game.” yess. It's gne be niceee 9,100 tweets now  Bye now :D Off to sleep ooohh  im singing too like a weirdo Finally ! Off work Hey guy want to share #xxx #sexy #porn pictures? Here are my #pussy #sex shots   #3 Thanks! :-) RT   lol!!! :p they don't know about how we make our moves !!! ”reem”  #essex #determined Because all you do it eat moan shit piss eat moan shit piss :P I love you with the life♥, thanks for always making me smile, please Follow me  49 Woo hoo! Got my tax forms... Time to get that income tax return both nigga .!  so keep thinking that . RT   :-) fasho....u gonna follow back now ?? Shoutout to my new follower So I just found out about this exercise I can do for my bang belly :D Hi can you have a look at this link to see if it helps  Let me know how you get on :-) My life is one great story, then. :D RT  Bad decisions make good stories. #Vegas excitedd for tonight      #happytweet RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. I've actually never seen that myself hahaha. But 500 days of summer is so good. One of my favorites. aha I know :P he send me the most weirdest texts sometimes :P Ok RT  I love my boyfriend  ♥ " A nice cold Coca-Cola goes best with _____________?" ANYTHING!!!! LMAO Ya!!! Come online :D I stopped talking to him now, he saying bones one way lmfao I'd answer that, but I'm afraid you'll get into character and push me down a flight of stairs. :p :D have to agree  xxxx I love my name thankkks  gunna get into bed soon! Thursday Winkers.... Mouhaha non :D Well I know that  but it's cause I found my phone Coffee, youtube, cleaning, genetics and "turquoise & caicos". Lovely day  and Cheesecake factory tonight with some lovelies. I love weather like that :-) RT  #ff             They're all really, really awesome. major cravings for an indian feast right now. Plan! I know! Good. Hahaha anywhere, I just want a bit of sunshine!  x Nahh, they were good beats tho follow  .. PLEASE!  
#NiallisPerfect ...14 Who actually tweets for you guys? Which one of you rascals is this? :D Today in my office we started our day with a big brother esque team competition and our reward is a pizza party for lunch. Love my job! If I didnt have a lil human growing inside of me, I would definitely be at Joe Ts enjoying a pitcher of Margarita  I'm good! :D What are you doing? :D ♥♥ :] RT   it was great Followed , Follow moi e best dream I've had in my life is  ♥ DON'T CUT YOUR HAIR! You would miss it soon much especially because it's so long :p but you still would look hot with a bob ;) I like brymo's 'Ara' too much 2 Miles = 2 Beers.  Sounds perfect. I'm in! Lol. Have a good one :-) Gavin deGraw said that he likes Holland at the Voice of Holland! so Come on  come to Holland! :D An u mines! :-) both of yall :-DRT  Shout to my bro  that's my dawg.... cool  ♥ something like that :p RT   can i get a RT just for being a City fan?! Please RT  LIVE SHOW TONIGHT! hellll yes :D HOW TO CALL THE ATTENTION OF NIALL? I want to follow me on twitter please. TE AMO . I LOVE YOUUUUUUUUU ! Xxxx  2 NF  follow back hello tweeps please follow me back LOL  it's better than watching the wall as i'm doing.. yes ma'am come on rock that body :D RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. wheres my hot coco!?!? I ordered it 5 hours ago! well hey i miss you too I don't blame you! :-) awwww you pay attention to my tweets  lol RT I no I dnt go on dis account cuz I'm on dis account plz follow me RT   aww no problem ill do anything coz u did that to get  to follow me xx :D ♥lol...you do :-) Awww my DBFFL is definitely top of my list too! Cool NY Cake and Baking Company Yayy!! :D " “ Happy Penguin Awareness Day!  lol RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Weddings weddings weddings Newbie??? More like Fucking Awesome 👍👊💢 RT   👈 show a bit of love for a newbie themer! :p :D you're not ugly or anything i was just joking :] i'm sure you're so pretty but you don't know it yet ;] xx watching never say never I'll send you a virtual cup, haha Jah kno muma a weh u deh frm morning followed, follow me back please? these nice ppl just helped me pick up all my change!  thanx ny-ers! :D (@ Starbucks) ask the teacher for help my nigga  you don't wanna be skipping classes. it fucks your shit up. Hey could u RT the J L S tweets in my favourites please would mean a lot  x Hanging out con Mi Hermanito! I gotta feeling that I'm gonna b n do something great kyree on steve wilkos is my friends cousin aw bobbi that is so sweet thank you. oh what I'd give to be on that cloud! :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)  xxx antione creviston think I'm emotionally literate #RETWEET if you're ONLINE! I'm giving shoutouts to everyone who follows [  ] #HURRY!! Wow! You sure have missed somthing then. Welcome to my Tea Party :D &lt;3 Goodnight tweeps. i want it to snow ! RT  Any freelance viz designers out there looking to redesign an amazing sports site?? PS u'll get to work with me :-) @ or DM me for details! RT  I love the sound you make when you SHUT THE HELL UP Got my stash of saudi chocolates. My life is now complete :D that's what's up :-) Followed , Follow moi great - keep chasing! looking forward to seeing it :-) RT  Cannot wait to pick up  with  and to see the beautiful  :D yay!!! Thank you! I will probably have to get back with you post bed time again. Just got home :-) thank you! Amazing birthday weekend has already begun you play an instrument?? :D I'm excited for St. Pete. first full  race I saw last year, hooked ever since  #FunFriday RT  (Y) " Oga park well joor RT  If i hear RT  :D " Yay! I collect it in school :* RT ... h Follow  He's trying to reach 8k followers thanks  you too!! chariots of fire! RT  #FF  my braindead nigga in physics! :D himmmm pls RT if you love your #SWISSBELIEBER have you enjoyed the concert? 
#neversaynever &lt;3 14 thank you small child Follow this gorgeous short thick woman   with nice lips ! The voice :( TOP GEAR RT   your email made my day  thanks for loving your customers xoxo - Glad to hear that! ... Getting my shirt made custom oooh nice  not really its always dead, was on there sunday for abit there was a reunion thingy YOOO ari!! how are you!! i just wanted to say that you r 1 awesome and please follow me! i might die but its worth it you right how can i ever forget about you Lol nothing just wanted too speak #FF  he's cool n funny : ) RT   Your welcome , dimple face : ) why everybody textin me todayy all happy and what not lol i feel loved food :D I love my hair That's Fine With Me I'm broadcasting live on the air! Listen in now at  #BlogTalkRadio #health #Pain #wellness #JGF #YHP 3 mins : ) ahh cool, erm allen road, bout 5 mins from there but nearer town Direction Gloucester - Stade Toulousain ! :-) [Like it?  ] Finally! Yayyy RT  In other news, I have on my boots from  today Im not single. Im in a long standing relationship with fun and freedom. :D YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT #RedTails is?? :O Watch this!  ----&gt; RT   cant do anything without all of u. feeling is mutual Yeah they are :D Awww thank you! Follow back Time too wash myy hair , BBL :-) #janayeee bet, go grab me a couple that made me laugh you fool :-)  awh so sweet!  any preferance?  x Yaaaay  everyone go follow  Quick! While they're online! #ff I won't scream. I will inside but not out loud! Haha just fangirling. you're welcome Awhh Bey is so sweet  [Like it?  ] Follow back please  &lt;3 Right guys can you all please go and follow  shes a newbe! :D Thanks cuidado! Sixters on the road to Andorra!!! Jajaj disfrutad cracks I've just decided that everyone in the world is too annoying to pay any sort of attention to, so I'm going to go cry & ignore the world. :-) let's go ice skating downtown some time  i know, the final :D My Chemical Penguin is TT hahaha,why??!! :D i need 3 more followers until 230. you,  and  and  should follow me Having arguements over how Justin Bieber should not be hated, safe to say i won haha great idea I love you Just another thing I'm gonna have to make and eat with ice cream, cookies, cupcakes, or just straight out of the jar. Alrighty!! I love that you love your job. :-) “ Loving this day..my job...my co-workers...and IT'S FRIDAY!” okay just lemme know lmao ur face no its not you :p am tlkn about an american friend ♥ Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl. For us you will always be our inspiration .Love you  Follow me ?  3 cool i memorized it all but didnt knw that it's called nato phonetic :D iyi be :D not much, just trying to trigger twitter bots....you know, useful stuff Let's take a trip down memory lane, and spam your dash with some lil' Bieber  - › whoa. oldest post ever.... thank you so much :D so stoked!I finally started killing 50 in a row like normal  #MW3 Time , hurry up please RT  Everything seems so peaceful, and good I'm at home watchin animal planet. I love this channel so much. ha ha ha and I'd like to think I have a fun sence of humour but that film booooored me!! So?........... Enjoy! :-) x rep bbk monday to sunday thanks. Explain her what happened All in the classroom singing "Ai Se Eu Te Pego" :D It's Funny ♡. aw yay ! now how does this work  it seem so hard lol they don't like you, because thet love you  xx followw mee :D whew....that was close. :-) Loved the last #TBBT episode!! A tiny bit confused but loved it! :D I'm always here to talk whenever you need me! memories aaaaaaaaaaaaaah TPV i miss you so much :p ( Haha its ace isn't it :D If they do - that's very lame and we will ignore them. xxx Thanks  "  nice" can i just say your both so pretty and beautiful and talented   ( live on Thanks for #FF "  haha! Why thank you! I'm quite the comedian... lol" hah, we are ALIKE so, thanks for describing me :P #ass! sis sorry to say but Dior is French we'll need to stop over in France for that Miss Faz. :D haha alright then  XXX come united we could do with you in midfield rafaaa :D RT   thanks jaan RT  Today's view from the office RT  Go follow the infamous  she's straight up hilarious !! Naming your child karma, just imagine " Karma were are you?" " Karma be nice".  lollolloll :p RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss So the weekend begins Paranormal Activity 3 nya worth to watch kah? Serem? :D I forget if I had to do something today :P looks like ur trying to get retweets by all the  @ names your dropping. Almost 3:00  bousta call daddy love that we all thought the same thing when we saw that photo!! :P thanks dean Follow me, Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee  TE AMO MUCHO. Only one of them is cool, i'll let you guess who she is. :p RT  #FF i think we should get henwood on twitter tbh. She would love it! Tell her jenson tweets I hope she bring me this brownie! :p dont need say sorry to me haha your missing out I can't wait to see your stand, bet it looks fab :-) peanut butter & oreos RT  Q6: The first correct answer was from &gt;&gt;  &lt;&lt; The answer was 'One night' RT  Ding dong the Bill is dead! Which old Bill? The wicked Bill! Ding dong the wicked Bill is dead! See ya in hell, SOPA Come &Watch  on twitcam &gt;  &lt;  &lt;3 I hope my brother come home today : ) Bored...So I Changed My Avi "Enjoy the simple things in life, or else your life is gonna suck" -Maldonado :p I was concentrating we are small team of designer and developer. Please reply at abhishek if you r looking for a creative I have a Rude mouth , try not to stare at meeh for too long :D .. :p i wnna go but my father really nt playing gamess 😔 RT  #SO  she is an amazing cousin and friend  I love her with all of my heart  &lt;3 Nothing bf we good lol coming now I had a few things to do RT  Wouldn't it be nice if your iPod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it? :D ur gona be broke if u move out. And have barely any food in the house. C'monnnnn be practical lool its Friday can you follow  for me RT   aquela q é mais o menos assim: 'this way will gonna kill me!' huahua justKidding :p Breakfast in bed watching House Almost GAME TIME - Let's Go Lady Poets she's so funny :D We love your video diary :Dxx Just woke up from a long wonderful napp! do you have vacations? lucky girl  I have school til 3th february De rien ! In Japan it's technically already January 21 so... HAPPY BIRTHDAY  :D 🎈🎉🎈🎉🎈🎉🎈🎉🎈 RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly White tip with rinestones & they gone be wide  tight AF' you gone seee your welcome. ♥ Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl. For us you will always be our inspiration .Love you  Follow me ?  9 followed Oh okay  .. " Hey.!!!! no ma fingy dlts automatically :(( “  Hey hey hey  You seen the Dm FOLLOW KHLOE K (: RT  I am the perfect shade of brown RT  Tunes in my headphones && texting you're welcome :-) can't wait to watch "hustle" with you in it ........ You do play a fab gangster :-) xxx awwww that is the most adorable thing thanks 4 heads up i'm a little late, but still: i followed :D xx #virtualbeating :D Kpop music news and music  Kpop the best RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. that is a definite!  we need to party this weeknd This is such a fun conversation to Twitter-eavesdrop on. I'm going to do one of those on teaching people how not to handicap.  Seriously, very cool. You are welcome of course, how silly of me. I understand a good measure of gin also cures such ailments :-)  i hope all the best things will come to u, ur family, Kona Beans  hwaiting oppa fina to go hoop only thing that make me happy SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE PLEASE? I lived there for 7 years! & England :D yeah, me too, thank you  xxx such a beautiful pic  Bowie reminds me of my Jared sometimes  x Me alegro q te gustaran!!! thanks, but I think its better to contact my daughter  who is the football brain here :-)Dat Liquor Got Me Trippin Can i Have You Girl ? 
Pleaseeeeeeeeee okay I finally started killing 50 in a row like normal  #MW3 Time , hurry up please RT  Everything seems so peaceful, and good I'm at home watchin animal planet. I love this channel so much. ha ha ha and I'd like to think I have a fun sence of humour but that film booooored me!! So?........... Enjoy! :-) x rep bbk monday to sunday thanks. Explain her what happened All in the classroom singing "Ai Se Eu Te Pego" :D It's Funny ♡. aw yay ! now how does this work  it seem so hard lol they don't like you, because thet love you  xx followw mee :D whew....that was close. :-) Loved the last #TBBT episode!! A tiny bit confused but loved it! :D I'm always here to talk whenever you need me! memories aaaaaaaaaaaaaah TPV i miss you so much :p ( Haha its ace isn't it :D If they do - that's very lame and we will ignore them. xxx Thanks  "  nice" can i just say your both so pretty and beautiful and talented   ( live on Thanks for #FF "  haha! Why thank you! I'm quite the comedian... lol" hah, we are ALIKE so, thanks for describing me :P #ass! sis sorry to say but Dior is French we'll need to stop over in France for that Miss Faz. :D haha alright then  XXX come united we could do with you in midfield rafaaa :D RT   thanks jaan RT  Today's view from the office RT  Go follow the infamous  she's straight up hilarious !! Naming your child karma, just imagine " Karma were are you?" " Karma be nice".  lollolloll :p RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss So the weekend begins Paranormal Activity 3 nya worth to watch kah? Serem? :D I forget if I had to do something today :P looks like ur trying to get retweets by all the  @ names your dropping. Almost 3:00  bousta call daddy love that we all thought the same thing when we saw that photo!! :P thanks dean Follow me, Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee  TE AMO MUCHO. Only one of them is cool, i'll let you guess who she is. :p RT  #FF i think we should get henwood on twitter tbh. She would love it! Tell her jenson tweets I hope she bring me this brownie! :p dont need say sorry to me haha your missing out I can't wait to see your stand, bet it looks fab :-) peanut butter & oreos RT  Q6: The first correct answer was from &gt;&gt;  &lt;&lt; The answer was 'One night' RT  Ding dong the Bill is dead! Which old Bill? The wicked Bill! Ding dong the wicked Bill is dead! See ya in hell, SOPA Come &Watch  on twitcam &gt;  &lt;  &lt;3 I hope my brother come home today : ) Bored...So I Changed My Avi "Enjoy the simple things in life, or else your life is gonna suck" -Maldonado :p I was concentrating we are small team of designer and developer. Please reply at abhishek if you r looking for a creative I have a Rude mouth , try not to stare at meeh for too long :D .. :p i wnna go but my father really nt playing gamess 😔 RT  #SO  she is an amazing cousin and friend  I love her with all of my heart  &lt;3 Nothing bf we good lol coming now I had a few things to do RT  Wouldn't it be nice if your iPod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it? :D ur gona be broke if u move out. And have barely any food in the house. C'monnnnn be practical lool its Friday can you follow  for me RT   aquela q é mais o menos assim: 'this way will gonna kill me!' huahua justKidding :p Breakfast in bed watching House Almost GAME TIME - Let's Go Lady Poets she's so funny :D We love your video diary :Dxx Just woke up from a long wonderful napp! do you have vacations? lucky girl  I have school til 3th february De rien ! In Japan it's technically already January 21 so... HAPPY BIRTHDAY  :D 🎈🎉🎈🎉🎈🎉🎈🎉🎈 RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly White tip with rinestones & they gone be wide  tight AF' you gone seee your welcome. ♥ Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl. For us you will always be our inspiration .Love you  Follow me ?  9 followed Oh okay  .. " Hey.!!!! no ma fingy dlts automatically :(( “  Hey hey hey  You seen the Dm FOLLOW KHLOE K (: RT  I am the perfect shade of brown RT  Tunes in my headphones && texting you're welcome :-) can't wait to watch "hustle" with you in it ........ You do play a fab gangster :-) xxx awwww that is the most adorable thing thanks 4 heads up i'm a little late, but still: i followed :D xx #virtualbeating :D Kpop music news and music  Kpop the best RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. that is a definite!  we need to party this weeknd This is such a fun conversation to Twitter-eavesdrop on. I'm going to do one of those on teaching people how not to handicap.  Seriously, very cool. You are welcome of course, how silly of me. I understand a good measure of gin also cures such ailments :-)  i hope all the best things will come to u, ur family, Kona Beans  hwaiting oppa fina to go hoop only thing that make me happy SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE PLEASE? I lived there for 7 years! & England :D yeah, me too, thank you  xxx such a beautiful pic  Bowie reminds me of my Jared sometimes  xis it! Even better no breaks :-) Hey  Wad up? Marcus Johnson: 2012 Texas Recruiting Spotlight - Burnt Orange ...  Follow me plz oooh okay haha thankyou ' coming too see me today !  #HypeTweet that is the perfect relationship tho  if u can do all those things with the person ur with! Work! Come on in for some yummy stuff :-) (@ Cafe AZ's) RT  Yeah I can be a bitch, but thats only if I hate you. Otherwise I'm as nice as can be  #truetweet loveee you my love :D you're welcome :-) RT  Riding pass  school...*waves* &lt;---- heyyyy markey Sur Canal + finished my English comp homework w| keosha :D got a class of orange juice  in honor of  #myteam *licks your nose* you, too :D Thinking Cup goodness :-) Pmsl. I'd love to o round with a 'any old iron' van As of February 1st, 2012 amma start tweeting like an angel Mall with sissy “    enjoy the show”// Tnx Juan!! We're having fun :D #tvoh1 Doing Commes des garcons Showroom 21-23.1  Yeah!! FOLLOW ME!!!!! I LOVE YOU :D teeehhee :-)  shanks reginer Aw hahaha love that! Just shuush don't tell anyone:P :P looove ya babe &lt;3 Hey dude want to share #xxx #sexy #porn pictures? Here are my #pussy #sex shots :P  #r aw hehe thank you! Nappp  then game yay Follow back please ?? :D Haven't done an #FF since the factory burnt down, but I'd like to suggest you follow  for endless & thought provoking positivity #proudparent because ur child will cheer u up when nobody else will  and my daughter is only 3 #happiestparentrightnow CHECK IT OUT PLZ  ! #RT #COMMENT (FollowMe) good night and sweet dreams hun! hope u had a wonderful Friday  have a great and wonderful weekend love ya kisses from me ur a mini-bitch version of me haha and I love it! GIVDESTJBDWTJIBGF my  shirts are so cooooool!!!!!!!! #RAWR!! :D kayla been spending lots of time with trua RT  Lol smashed it!  RT   Limited edition Jamal Edwards T-shirt? followed, your turn RT   thanks sweetie Make me  happy with a refollow? lol its worth a try Photo: Hi everyone. Nice!! Thank you kindly destiny &lt;3 is officially whipppppped :-) " #Pisces love to be seduced & dominated. Make your move in the dark... you won't regret it" hehe, tis true :D Had a lovely train journey with  and we made friends with girls opposite  heheeee catch you , ahahahah xx do you like them ? Hmm what to do what to do :p mr okechukwu :') he told us in class to stop makin silent noise :D RT  : "Put a big piece of marble chips" - Mr Okechukwu . Baba oh That's all from me today, Kay will be with you tomorrow so keep those tweets coming in :-) Have a great evening and a great weekend too! ^PE just saw miley in the newspaper :D Ready to eat RT   Request: The Chase by  Please  RT   any time :-) xxx Happy birthday  
Thanks for being nice to me I'll remember that achem o erro :D katherine parise think I'm unfortunate and unparalleled follow back?  &lt;13 He called me a bitch and then blocked me.  That's the greatest thing to happen to me this week :D ready to have a good fuckin night My dinner is ready :p You go play I will try at 12 Dont forget about this project  Show Your Support for Lauren and Rochelle  RT please !! Sick...  I'm about lift weights later.. Believe Tour To UK Before I Go Maddd Hey girl! What's Up? RT " check out  new video to his song "insecure" #FF to  :D You're still number 1 hé :D ! ...5 at the Maier Museum of Art. It's a crazy day! At least it's Friday dante think I'm apparent and palpable RT  Time to get ready ffor thompsons :D #BelfastFollowLadder you will LMAO.. Camera. hahaha. I'm a Canon guy personally. :P Looking to upgrade my current DSLR soon  but Canon of course. if that's what u wanna think :p FREE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ elias think I'm slandered thank you chris! You're welcome hahaha that was interesting to read xD I replied to it hey  follow back? come on Rickie make my weekend #FF  pretty please x ahh! Well ppl will just have to have you cater their next event then. :-) yumm Finals are done  Chillin at home until my game tonight Blessed by Q? Yeah it's amazing Nice to see  rockin Marvel nothing ...I'm fine ...smooches. :-) is CONFIRMED for the first ever 'So You Think You Can Dance: Experience!!!' Don't miss this - March 30-April 1, 2012 Came home yesterday to a new pair of uggs from mommy dearest love you mom :-) want to start making videos but im 13 so it's a bit awkward School is almost for the day  aww ur so sweet nessa the ppl who hate on u need a slap of reality :P i Like My New Avi I'm fuckin high yeeeeeeee gurllll. I'm in love &lt;3 is he a church boy? yes lol :P Joining me in the 20 club!Daddy is making me food  &lt;3 #FrenchCuisine on deck ? yessss I'm coming to ur job today...even doe I have ulterior motives....:-) :-) :-) ummm I'm fine :p Yeah I just did...Really great ep beautiful cat my day was fun as shit hahaha' cool! In Spanish!! :P you're de Best ! Stay in and feel fresh for 2moro got both Lil shit bags over PLEASE FOLLOW ME JADEN :-) IM LISTENING TO NEVER SAY NEVER!! IS THAT A SIGN YOU'LL FOLLOW ME?! I LOVE YOU &lt;333333  &lt;33333 RT  ive been in bed all day. just the way i like it AWW thats sad :(( he also followed me on  and he followed me on  and he replied 3 times  awesome ortho soon So far my day been so funny!  Finally off work please follow me :D  &lt;33 If I can bill someone for it, I think the firm would let me tag along. Call it "Social Media in Nature Road Show?" Im prolly gone spend the night at Rona's house tomorrow night  !! haha. Its awesome!! One of my faves! Will Ferrell is so funny Going though Natilies list of " A zillion Favourite bands" Because she's got wonderful music taste and I need new songs for my phone I Love Thick Bitches , Especially The Ones That Bounce Like Swithces : ) RT  I &lt;3 the girls of the playboy mansion :D This should kill some time yea lil :p S/O  to my best friend and her parents because there taking me to a hockey game later today :D Where is it please ?  ( #occupyfreedomla live at Time to do some SHOPPING! :D sadie heddlesten think I'm praised This weekend is gonna be a good one Yessss that one!!! thank you  A friend and I were discussing hip hop today and I was trying to remember this song. ohhh, I understand! Great photos! I'm so jealous! :D Ice cream makes a night in on a Friday much easier thanks hun, are you doing much this weekend.  xx RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. Going to eastview, then the rec Needs for tonight to put me in a better mood. K, thanks. loving the music video mate RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. No,i mean i  just do tha 3 years sleeping part and then im rest human :D Cheers to the fricken weekend! Where's soar? :P x hey RT  Thanks  for my new followers!!! Im following everybody back now Finee, thanks and you? okay I will find a solution later! :D #sillyproblem j eyez the Nynja :D august habbyshaw think I'm smothered Haha, I think I'm gonna get the english version too, I'm having fun reading books in english :D x all good  That's showbiz RT  #WorldStarHipHop Is My Bestfriend When I'm Bored aw thank you  xx hey 5/1? RT  Ik kijk naar "somebody to love (curly's version) " WOW WOW WOW!!!!!! This is insane!!!! Just the ding to make me READY! LETS GO :-) :-) This time next week i will be drunkkk  bring on these last 2 exams!! haha only a week to go lol :p ♥ Practice then its theee weeekend oh really? He has a mind of an adult, I guess that's thanks to you haha. Yes, we may work w each other he's eyeing up the chocolates that's funny cause sopa is Spanish word for soup! you want some chicken sopa hahaha :D RT  Tonight's sleeping playlist : Alkaline Trio's Agony & Irony. Mmm... lol don't do this to me lol :D follow back? “  JE now has a twitter!” RIGHT ON! haha i would need directions. all i ask is thaat you buy me an iced coffee might as well, you're "single"  hahah ever in #Leeds please come check ours out, mackerel on the griddle with lashings of lemon & horseradish mayo :-) Everyone should vote for #AvengedSevenfold in #The GRAMMYs :D something about the robinsons!!! Hahaha thanks lol its alright :p No friday classes r great jus now wakin up TY Heather!  #FF Follow Me I love you with the life♥, thanks for always making me smile, please Follow me  69 ima let u keep thinking it is lol :-) Im pretty happy with my exam scores so far no bother :D CHECK IT OUT PLZ  ! #RT #COMMENT (FollowMe) Music is on my mind, and in my ears... and in my heart :-) Don't forget to check out  for some  & Sir Elton John &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 sounds good RT        19 de mayo your welcome Thank You For Inspiring Us Kidrauhl  You mean so much to me !  17 Follow back please? :D xx 108 twit lg jd 17k twit :p am i a junker? :p I should stop now, Emily is making me dinner Non :D lol! What's good. I have to tease you every now and then YESSS!!! Shit is kicking off on Corrie again!  Come on Becky! loooool.. Funny! Miss you too ya 7ayati :P just liked the vid Thanks for the support girl! I'll make it happen and keep you updated with it! C'es le l118a  ( Awwww cool :D now that u mentiond art...i fell asleep in art class today lol &lt;3 whenever you want New glasses! :D whatcha think?(: RT  #Leo is sexy without even trying. ( YUPPP  being the PRIME example hhhh just shut up boy :p Hmmm,Home at last! goin 2take a very warm shower then if the lights are back on,i will watch #ghostwhisperer. :D Brung Lil man Oscar to the shop gotta get the kid a fresh one as well RT  I can be whatever u allow me to be yes I'm keeping the faith : )you have a good trip bro? Hopefully get back over to train in next few weeks Paggghhhhiii  RT  Paaggiii learn this Hey guy want to #xxx hookup? #sexy #sex #porn #pussy Check the link :P  #2 #JujuNoHojeEmDia RT  #RETWEET if you're ONLINE! I'm giving shoutouts to everyone who follows [  ] #HURRY!!  . RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. It's all about willpower! Think of a Friday workout as a way to finish the week off strong  #fitness treva hoven think I'm motionless and commanding RT  " Les video#  lovely, I could go for sum of that right now  good video RT    I hope you have a great time! Make sure to tweet pics, I always love to see what you're wearing enjoy ur wknd ladies  we have lots & lots of snow in the #windycity! RT    Thank you Julito!! Hi Jeff! Dm me so we can connect!! RT  Anyone 3RT for 3RT? I was worried about  D; , glad they're okay, sorry our weather in washington sucks guys :p &lt;3 I'm getting you btw, so holla at cha shortyB! RT   :-) so what Oh shoot late birthday gift!!!! Lol #heartskipsabeat4abrit   x lou think I'm chaste and refined  michele think I'm natural and spontaneous The question is why don't you just update? lol appreciate it! im thought the same thing :p you should follow me back Lovely to see  today - great news that you're busy and getting really great feedback from your sessions :-) This -----&gt;  :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
done showing off my tu-rabbit teeth hehe Getting ready to go to tdot  ugh I hate taking the bus though ..-_- followed, follow me back please? aaaaaaaaaaaah ! o  confeso que me ama :D s2 Just don't care abut haters. They are jealous  of u Sonama  hugs!! We love UU lot eastenders :D RT  awww  is the cutest *-* love you jaaadeeen! :D I dont have a job and im still gettin paid  bank on it hey  just want you to know I LOVE YOU happy birthday gary follow me please jaden :D Awww thanx :-) “  I gotta say,  looks too good sometimes...” Hahah, right?! I will find you a nifty one! :D ok, I think I'm friends with u on fb now  x finally!!! Lol  xx I Miss My Boyfriend  &lt;3 thank u  xx - it's  FRIDAY IANit got no JOB - ! And I anit got shIT to doo  ( SmokeyVOIce) the spaceship looks quiet tonight.....or are we having a party? :D Eitaaa novinhaa Terrivel by: Thiiaguiiýnho :P siiii muchas graciiias :D I passed both of them though :D Woke up 2 my paper and weed, started my day off rite!! Ha... NOT riding HWY 126 in the rain is smart. Not an #HTFU deal. Have a good run. I'll enjoy beating you, again Followed how are you sweety? :D aha :D but then he moved away to live with the president..twat xx aurelio buonocore think I'm madness and folly followed I love selena gomez's boyfriend  RT if u too! Now #BreakfastClub #MoviesFromAtoZ so are you better today? #BringLA32012 its on my back pack :D xx t-rex made my day :-) I try 2 stay positive ! : ) And I have an unholy affinity for gyros follow me back? it was such a pretty sky I had to try and capture it! Step ya *african accent* COOOKIES up and ALLLAT! :-) You should really follow more people than just me. You look like a stalker! :p my next relationship is gone be LIKE THAT  ♥ Princess is over going to go a really long walk tomorrow awww shucks, thank you! :-) RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly 1622 - i love your username  & your icon is pretty.♥ I'll see you next Friday then we need to do something properly after my prelims  xx both :-) save me a crumb or two RT     And a proud NZ crew we are! Thanks so much Lesley : ) I agree whole heartedly ! well you should add 10 points to that 5.5! Pssh stupid people. They probably pushed the wrong buttons hehehe! Apology accepted wish u are with us tomorrow :( good luck in Africa ! because its amazing! Deserves to have more reviews! :-) x my heart a stereo it's beat for you so lesson close \=D/ &lt; chdi mo *7alt Mayan* :P apologies I was talking areas not tube stations :-) in which case it's twixt St Paul's + Bank :-) RT   lmao i &lt;3 you :D You're Welcome ! :-) lisandra think I'm unfortunate and unparalleled Ahhhh, but they add to the number at the bottom, but not the bar. I'm with you now. rocking live music and playing minecraft with  well hes not playing minecraft but i &lt;3 fridays :P RT  RT if zayn malik don't follow u, I'll put u in a fanbook I'm making with my friends & in it I'll ask him to follow u  ( must follow me ) It's fun to watch it :P No thang lol but the video is on your wall on fb RT   Oh , thank God i gat my ticket :D Nice! Hope to see you tonight! RT   I'm not very familiar with then but possibly! sounds like it'll be great Lets go to the pub to celebrate!!  x haha i'm from the netherlands you? :D RT  Shannon Leto dance:  AAAAHAHAHAAAAH Friday night... :D please please please come watch our twitcam we all love you! and we'll do the hump :D love you x exactlyy RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. LOL that would be SO COOL :D #HeyNickWeWantBigTimeBloopers yeah, we definitely do! :D meant cookies, not cakes. I will make a cake, I promise. When I grow up okay? :-) RT  The boys will be going to America, Sweden and Germany in the next few months In a party mood! I think i'l have my own party!going off for a bit guys thank you for following i'll be on later to try and gain more followers! thanks again! :D Ha! My bad :-) RT   No one asked you to put my delay out there. Rudeness. 30 mins though ! :D the best place to takee you is mandarin hahaha i know just bad timing on possibly the peak of my bad week aha  just ask like i said xxxxxx rheba think I'm innuendo and suggestion #heartskipsabeat4abrit    x RT  2morrow beach with good to hear! I like you. Worms are tasty too!! I ship Bade and I kinda like Cabbie :P You? Sounds naughty. Dish! :P Oh how I love  rants about TVD haha good! please could you save the hair so i can stick it on my head? Thanks... hopefully I'll do ok. If not... I'm doomed :P My cousin Maren is famous  ! Jon meet my Jason. :-) Jason meet my Twitter jon Omg Thanks My Friend :D I Love Bby... Hope he is too but not getting my hopes up Lol i got alot of RTs :P never. Might get me in trouble one day :-) haha okay then. Congrats on the round 2 win Thank you, my friend. your welcome  You good? training for Minute To Win It i see LOL well you just made me smile with this tweet 
Thanks for being awesome.so glad everyone liked my idea.yay asheei o but que eo quero por 100 reeals :D Austin, Texas and thanks hun! It's so beautiful out there I love my team  a.b to get on the road. Hmu My granny almost hea! :-) lol ok sounds good! My treat Thank you sweetie RT  Sending love to Jackson Soul Food in Miami-y'all always take care of me! Kisses hey penguin (hey monday) :p Always followed, your turn thank you! It wasn't as bad as I imagine it to be though  xx bring on the drinks  woooooo Stank you very much!  #ff one is a nude strapless...short and tight argh!! And ones a plain black one sleeve with a studded sleeve...treating myself right lol Anyone drinking anything nice? We're just about to tuck into Cuba Libres. Happy Friday :D x RT  I HAVE CONNECTIONS WITH JUSTIN :D IF YOU WANNA GET NOTICED FOLLOW Futurama's theme tune is spectacular :D A little pick me up at work from one of the store managers 7ayakooom ALLAH banaat  CANT WAIT TO TORTURE U RT  Happy Birthday to St. Frances/Frankie/Frank the Tank/ Mo/Mommy/the most wonderful woman I've ever known!  #luvyasomuch well of coz  nyesal weyy ! RT   sorry i took so long. FOLLOWED. łahaha &lt;3 what's up? :D good luck! IN   VOTTING MUCH! :D Te amo. '''''''''''''''yy we are small team of designer and developer. Please reply at abhishek if you r looking for a creative Almost time for a text yes, we are best friends, we know each other in real life.  We seen each other everyday :D lol it's Okayy I fell asleep kinda early too  I'm lining up a shoe giveaway (as promised) for our Facebook fans only...have you "liked" us yet?  thanks for walking with me today January Fifth ISN'T opposite day! :D :D Try NOT to remember :D its fine don't worry  I'm good thanks, hope you're okay! And thanks Ry!  xx God is an AWESOME GOD!! Thanking Him for His many blessings and favor this week! :-) pa la pinga!! We'll make your birthday every weekend till it actually gets here!! :D Penis Measurements  What Women Want  What to men want NOOO i have a secound account =&gt; U Guys Make It All Worth A Million Bucks :-) RT   all so worth it dude! Thank you! okay Looking back on past messages and I think it's adorable when a guy says 'I love you bunches!'  Awh! House partyyy! :-) One Direction are playing at BGT auditions and it made me think of you  Jealous  have an amazing time on sun xxxx It's Friday, Friday gotta get down on Friday. Everybody's looking forward to the weekend  #yourfavoritesong Cupid Love Slide  My new dance. can't wait!  But I really want to see you and Jayne back on the ice.  Y'all are the reason I watch! RT  god + family + friends + twitter + music = my life haha yes .. Why on the street?? :D RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! No long line at steak n shake. I can get used to this :D thank you! If its not a no..its a yes yey i have 28 followers  :D xx thats good :D Thanks Ro  !! your so funny hahaha & ya I do .....just alilttle Ah yes, the Dallas Stars fan :D hey Sarah was a pleasure, not sure where the darkness came from..actually it's always there! Saved by the uplifting vox  x My mom gets off in 2 hours my calendar Maybe , Bout Go Slending With All My Friend ! that was Literal ? .. Planet earth buddy :P Are we going to meet up soon? Check your gmail anyways , i think ima walk too my sweetart house bottle of sparkling wine has been purchased for tonight ♥ gonna be a messy one :D Finally I weigh 130 #DoctorWho, #Delorean time travel... "The Timely Adventures of Rachel Evans" has it all! Read up Thank You :-) #BieberFact 86% of backgrounds on Twitter are of Justin. #RT if you're part of this percentage Yoo Just to see the things I love to do makes you happy puts a  on my face big enough to smack somebody with it. Listen to my hubby  RT  Guksack are on the radio tonight at 10pm for an hour! You can listen here across -i'm coming to Regis tonight  get excited.  knew you'd appreciate a bit of Vinnie :D While the Mr is off training, time for some video editing then pampering of self ready for wedding in Oxford tomorrow " achu :D" / salud :P You're def in the wrong place lol RT   Looking forward to your insightful tweets enriching my daily life FREE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ uhm I'm already following you more Tommy Trash - Australia's savior :D - Believe Tour To Middle East  :D I Hope : ) Can't Wait ! &lt;3 well kamla came on school in a helicopter :P Bouto Go Put My Coat & Stuff On : ) #HAPPYFRIDAYHOESSS &lt;3 Clay cupcakes?! That sounds like so much fun! We were eating cake in my lesson too :P ♥ I'm doing great thank youu!  Hows everything with you? Haaad today with my beloved  ♥♥♥ :D y36eeich al3afya hahaha!!! my friend's puppy. :P Glad I could help hahahahahah, its all about the ultra strength though :P Thankss you :D Hey guys, in Better With U tour will come to Guadalajara Jalisco Mexico??  ♥ Haha, we can't use helium because the Gaylord doesn't like floaters. Yes, I phrased that intentionally :D Ah well good to know i hadnt heard that taking Spanish, English, psych, anddddd statistics S/O TO MY NEW FOLLOWER ===&gt; #NFB  #FF jup tomorrow :p Time to get ready for tonight..while I'm still able to have fun we're gonna have lots of fun lady! LETS DO IT!! I will help Traffic cop: Kai zhala? 
Me:  aur  Sir. 

100 bucks later, the music played twice as loud. :D I got you whenever  I'm trying to send you the picture of it but its not sendinggg -.- make sure that you like this page, when you have liked it, drop me your twitter name Seriously, some ppl irritate like hell. Yea sure :D Q7: The first correct answer was from &gt;&gt;  &lt;&lt; The answer was 'Fire Alarms' how many days until the birthday now babe?  ( live on - hiring staff, friendly community!  Join now! Changed my plans, spending the night in tonight  with #teamcsi laters alligators! Xxx You're welcome :p About to watch the Kings Speech! Woo! Oh thats good then  so what are your plans for today now that you're not at school? S/O to the new followers  &  #NF Lol,  Me and my friends were rapping down my Timeline and you came out of no where busting a freash BAR! You got Bars! lol ah we have to design and make a product based on a theme and do a portfolio on it  xx hahahahahaaa oh whatever , love you brorito YESSSS my friend made them :D Half my mouth is frozen...I feel like I am drooling. Now I am cavity free RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x #ThingsICantStand school,teachers and miley cyrus :D FOLLOWING BACK #oomf could get it if he tried hard enough its just cause im so #Sexy haa haa Aced the YES interview.. waiting for the results.. wish me luck :D Not true because everyone is unique  x x x x x The crazy thing is the otheir girl just wat i wanted.... My angel is what i needed. Real talk :-) Don't worry. That's pretty normal. :P  #nf  followbackk I am only brInging one guest, but will be there! YAY 4 me!!!! RT  Tweet me 'Swag' If you want a shoutout to my 50,000+ followers  I'm picking 2 winners only! [Must be following  first] Today is slightly better than yesterday. And tomorrow is will be better than today. Soon I will recover A night spent with Thanks Christine! We are so proud of our entire team :D RT  :   don't be! You're awesome lol kk "You can give me money.. and I'll go make a ZOO." :D I LOVE BLR! :D the game u saw before it started! :p  Misal? :D DM now sent :-) RT  #f  good guy RT  i love joeE chris and dalbert Text me! RT   after bdubs yu should come pick me up “ What would Friday be without an  Rebecca Black parody!?! Enjoy!  HA! That made my day!!  #NYLC the bitch took my phone too!! I have my iPod so Ill yet you from that  but it don't know your number by heart 1 hour until the weekend :-) Follow Me PLEASE RT   Awww!! ♥ ♥ ♥ #EchelonLoveBack Sure tin boss!!   Love Conquers all except money that one will give love uppercut. #The quiett-Be my Luv :-) S/O to Bri for getting that job at SuperFresh, go you The Theatre is out now! :D #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK It's back :p “ And techRT  It looks like only ashaiman has lights.” You know I only joke. I would do it with u, but my diary is pretty busy and I'm a gd dancer already :-) i don't know why, but I'm really excited to get my new glasses tomorrow :D Hey dude want to #xxx hookup? #sexy #sex #porn #pussy Check the link :P tco/vEV6LhZ5 #C ughhhhhhh finally the weekend :P okay babes so jealous that you'll be there when the little mermaid ride opens!! It'll be guiiid though!!  take loadsa photos please!? :D see ya there Thanks  xx RT  we all have that one person we would love to punch in the face... repeatedly. are you ok?  x obviously u curr since u replied haha I'm sure you'll be grand  dya get much hw 4 the weekend? :L xx You can learn a lot from a dummy :-)yes i got a ticket!  i'm so happy ;~; birdy is cool Back! :D And FF to all my friends and everyone! I hope your Friday is awesome. " Yellow	Skin'd People &gt;" Oh Yeah Shinedown  enough said. Thanks he said we gettin married at popeyes on tuesday special day CTFU i love my duceski RT  Yesterday night I watched a very nice movie "War horse" ... AMAZING don't worry she will  as i said, for the 1st since Black everyone had agreed on the fact she's the No1 actress On the way to lufkin wish us luck :D Im #33 now (: #CharterBusSwag Going to get a haircut LOL, I don't but shanks. $12.50 a hr???? Oo  I'm on it!!!!! Want me to #FollowBack? #MentionMe! MR.SMITH LOL If you're looking for a great date night spot in Chicago, I'd suggest trying the most romantic fondue restaurant the city - us! how was your day yesterday? :D RT  All follow  a great person Just reading the hate comments on the tribune website fills me with joy :P good boy sure! Beliebers all the way!! :D Aww I know, has to be extra extra spicy  haha x #nf   follow back  ? Dog the bounty hunter Marathon .. day made Q: When do I know I've put too much wine in my food? A: No such thing as "too much wine" :D I culd be trippng . . But I think I just LOST a follower  ? I got a dread head hitta. Shawdy a straight drilla We took a vote, she lost, I pushed her off. S/O to  for never changing, standing by my side, having a niggas back, and for rollin with me in my hott ass van ha . i love you RT  Say this fast - ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) - RT if you get it. RT   we should make a mix bro :P lol As long as you include me, it's all good. :-) what a splendid smile purplr lady  looove the avi Funnily I can see that too i already did the bathroom and my rooms almost done  come on hahaha .... Aww it was but ummm... We gone leave that where its at RT   thanks hey  follow back? that's why I stopped doing the website I think you were talking about BTR? :P Yes more nutty!!!  #gvdd : thanks for following me mate.... : ) Hey  Please could I have a signed photo. Your my favourite skater in the world Ever !! Please  xxx Yes she can, there are a few left! Better get them while she can.......... :-) RT   mwah! Thanks  x the lure of d blue moon is d same as d full moon to d werewolves : ) Ahaha :D Oh he's too beautiful! :( *sighs* your so handsome :-) thanx for the follow back My cat sydney we adopted i put my mj to sleep but now i wanan wake his ass up ; his smile makes me smile One of those days that just goes amazingly RT  am i ever gonna hit that 1500 followers? lets go peeps  #loveyouALL Lunch date with  and Ahah  de rien ! How many people inspect your carpet regularly? Grabbed my sneaks, now I need to order some heels  #ShoeFrenzy Thanks for the #FF :D “  Happy Birthday!!!” thank you!! bout to have a drink before class & get my weekend started right hope you had a great day sounds like a busy one anyway enjoy your beer and relax lol  xx UIHASDIOHASODI ↓ Jaden cantando Happy new year em espanhol, criativo thank you so much You made someone's afternoon!  What was that you were questioning again.    slimgoody #OMG you like/love JB? Are you a #Belieber :O :D GET TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ Follow Back? Yayyy! Going to get the iphone4s today! Soo happy to have an iphone again! I swear I wont let this one go for a swim! Thanks dad! I wish you'd follow me Needs to get my priorities straighttt. #yerpie RT  #BieberFact 86% of backgrounds on Twitter are of Justin. #RT if you're part of this percentage I just got a reply from Nita and Yll from the Voice of Albania :D Hi, Ruby could you please ⒻⓄⓁⓁⓄⓌ talented LA singer  & CheckOut #CrashIntoMe  #THX Strawberry Mojoto at #DineCigarBar.... #mynewfavouritecocktail :D i pal im spot on thanks :-) RT  #FF you are really brave!! anyway..I would love to fly to Toronto tomorrow even in economy :-) coming RT  RT  FF  listen to his music its hot!!-thnks Ashleigh Wow! I have 203 followers. Much more than I expected. Just hit me back if you want a follow back GREAT series!!! awww why a bad day ? D: *hug* :P!, and surely our radio antis must have been a laugh- even just a lil one :P ofcourse oh cool coool  eh im alright youuuu? Watchin Bugs Bunny u racist shit :P ', Onee Minn Yall Friendssss , Nextt Yall Tawkingg Boutaaa EachOthaaa Smhhh FakeeAss RONBROWN Girlsss ' Cuss Ii Hear It All #Kaylaaa :-) LOL id pokje your contact lenses out with a Chinese stick :P haha thats exciting!!  yeah its fun! #warspear Looks like I get presents for entering Warspear Online! Join the game and get yours! Come to Ventura County! Serzly am not a baby...if he wz ma bf I wld say soo and not b lyin abt it!  calls me luv too! :D pls follow  just joined twitter he follows back too. :D I'm so adorable when I was a baby :p lol inoo :P eniways il tweet in abit x and cheer up  ul look better with a smile “  Thanks my love. :-) #ff” the pleasure's all mine xxx thank!! Baby RT  This are the good times in your life so put on a smile and it'll be all right U'v got 2 love  always smiling  cc   #SAvSL #PUREPROTEA!haha sure thing! I'll tell ya in a couple minutes... hatching it now woop! i'm probably more excited about you going than you are :P ode!RT  Saw him too RT Mister_Demola: love u too baby! :* RT  I saw Mister_Demola today! :D I still love u o! if you have ms moore we'll be in the same class Almost home I am now you skank!! :p just playing  xxxx no technically it's cus he's on a plane and can't answer so I'm answering for him :p xxx aww thats cute RT  Happy anniversary to my wifey  everyone #bejealous love you #nomatterwhat besties fahh life! But you weren't supposed to catch it  "  um, I missed it, I guess." youree welcome! i hope she tweeets youu :D You won't be doing anything cause you have no friends. I'm well mama, hope same Officially going to be a redhead again, as of tomorrow! :D xx check ur DM So how are you?  its been a while since we last spoke, Seems like yesterday that tom had his party. Time has flown by! :O Thanks for the follow! Following back!  x great! So, where you go? :D i miss u xoxo lmao! I love this blog community ok cool. then I'll definitely check it out. didn't want to be put off the goats. :-) I have my quad expresso from coffeebean does my WACK aaaaaaaaaaayeee!* lmao we're waiting too :D to me that's a tad bit different from heroic. You can play an optimal non-heroic PC bain dickinson sounds better :p x followed, your turn kinda hard to describe, there's a design and its got you me at six lyrics incorporated into it Me &  conversation today im gym , ill truly miss her that retweet soooo describes you! im just lovely :D dont worry i kill spiders with my penis, i am more than prepared. With his boxers on :D oh great!  i'm free of exams for 2 and half year from now :D xx Forgot to say I subscribe to the Spotify playlist of the Hawk show. It's Independent of the BBC but it's very good :-) RT  Smokin' hot girl showing your what she looks like bent over  #Ass #Pussy #XXX #TwitterAfterDark #Porn #Sex #Blonde randal think I'm orphaned “ " I haven't seen my gf  in like 2 days smh." Awwhh its okay babe  I miss you tho :D” As sure as the sun will shine I know that you'll  be mine. Hey  It's fine, we are actually doing every other week, so the next one will be Feb. 1 RT" But I tell it like it is. My time is too expensive go and find yourself a toy  Thats My Jaaaam !  #Oldiesss My Backgrounddd aww thats too sweet  thank you. little boy I nanny for just turned one but he acts like two !!!! Kido has a temper like king kong!!!! This too shall pass So! Who has a dent popper?! :D Finally back to Khobar :D cake looks like delicious Good thought  haha Thank god for Emergency Dentists 80 Followers  Thankyouuuu tweeps x People that are down they should sing this song...MOVE ALONG just to make it through!  Such old and positive song! whoops! Haha! Glad you saw the Tweet! :-) see you next week! how much do I owe lol, init wahoooo! :D and inshallah, don't worry they'll support and like it :D RT  hope use all checked out that video of Jarvo earlier if not here it is again   :D you are amazing , #BELIEVE will be the best  would you follow me one day? #neversaynever Aki falando com o #Weslley no cell do you follow ppl back ? haha! Deal! :-) done, thanks Look at you being one of my #supporters  Thanks though. mono i think, you headin out? I work everyday this weekend, so next Saturday. #ThingsICantStand you Now following  back little skitch, thanks for the invite! :P whos all playing? ADD ME ON FACEBOOK; RT  RT if you want a follow from me cause im following everyone that follows thanks RT  Dont forget about this project  Show Your Support for Lauren and Rochelle  RT please !! aww, you're welcome  &lt;3 RT  Wearing my necklace  got me  &lt;3 alraedy did  would you watch ? going outside. be back in about an hour for CBB  bye follow me back please thank-you for the follow  x You memmer!! Goldy locks RT  B.A.? HA! RT   Lmfao!!! But only you knew a true hair model Some of you look so cute while you sleep. should follow me In Sturgis, MI tonight for Winter Blues. If you're in town at dinnertime, stop in at Fiebig Jewelers! I'll be there! :D RT  your friend who can play many instruments. RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly glad to hear RT  "i love my boyfriend" aw same, he's so perfect and non-existent RT  RT for a shoutout? good  have the migraines gone yet? :( now I know what khaye was talkin about... #Shoutout to my peoples from New York =D Miss it up there :p thanks for the follow :-) pok stothard think I'm intrusive I love yooooouuuuu!!! And I looove your smile  ( #work #actuallyexcited #gossiptime :D thanks baberss  I will. LOTS OF FUN ;) RT   avi tho &gt; thank u :-) Just topped off a hard week of gym with a Krispy Kreme! #Dedication thanks for all the #FF 's xxxx Ill do some in a sec :D haha youre just too considerate :P Omg, I just realized its FRIDAY & 3 day weekend! :D love ole henriksen products! i use their SPF super creme & serum. smells yummy too thank youuu Thank you :D - have a great weekend, speak soon!!cuddling with Jill's dog Last Friday Night :D Thank YOU for the kind note about my jewelry  and of course thanks again for juicing! I still have SO MUCH post-cleanse energy! LOL! Niether does yourssss.. has ash in it though :P faggot awww, hope they have fun! but u said choose randomly...so it is normally 25 but since A and D are 25. B is 50 .. So we have 60 haha I guess :D Sal! #MrCelebUKAndTW  If you could be a fictional/Cartoon character for one day who would you be and why? :D 906 RT   hola sweetie um now why on earth would I do tht :p but for real I'm thinking about making one soon Yeah! My favorite too, obviously have fun at NAMM, I'm enjoying end of exams and I think I'm doing it right :D ya sure :D you are good looking mashallah ^^ planning to see how awesome is your personality xD I see you and Bashayer are bros Fresh start tomorrow :-) welcome! Largest online protest in history by the numbers #sopastrike On the ground & online- people are stopping #SOPA #PIPA REALLYYYYY!??!!?! :D Tweet me if you can speak Spanish  Loveyou Inna HAPPY BIRTHDAY GARY Party tonight?! Lets go! S/o to the new followers ; Dnt be a stranger :-) Love you too sweetheart  RT  Me love you Is the Bride's made of honor !! hhhh niiice , my ultimate soulmate is getting married in 5 days :P I made it into the Gwinnett Daily Post. Check that off my bucket list i love you too Ha wine sounds like a good idea - enjoy pleased you are busy busy! :-) well done on the 2 winners today I made a wish about a year ago for my hair to grow, now its long & I never ever wanna get it cut short :P come on...all of those are happy friends!! :P Cooooucou Cookies nd cream pie going in right now.!!!!! Mhm :p Gym this morning and now massage! Next coffee Hardluck mu8daman :p RT  I want a day out with my besties. No boys, no worries, just the girls. :-) .  doesn't know it yet, but  and I just almost signed him up for some cool stuff on STL I keep forgetting! Lol! But it all over my fb Soo happy to have seen baby Brayden  #toocuteforwords me too and come over and I'll make you one Out in the rain :( fun  waiting for tori :D I think I'm gonna try this summer I feel honored that I'm one of  ur neice ashlee's favorite voices...and I really take that seriously cause ur her uncle “ New Blog Post: Weddings and Tabernacles  I love you.so glad I get to create a sacred spaces with you ..."YOUR BEATIFUL"....Shannon, Thanks,thank you very much!!  ♥ 1800th tweet goes out to  I'm gonna miss sociology with you and good luck at your game tonight #beatsomenorthass the mind boggles inthought of your attire. lol :-) only 4  channels back then it was either snooker or upstairs downstairs i love rockstar and  #rockstarwillbenumber1 i wish you could notice me for once xxxxxx Follow  And Tell Him I Sent You Don't Forget To Put #Jacobjewel #teamsway #teamasj in the Tweet :-) -- 301 thank you hey  follow back? Believe Tour To Middle East ...Plz help keep it trend so  could see it n visit us! :D PLZ! #BeliebersHelpBeliebers 11 whos that sexy devil??........... Oh thats me!!! :-) RT  I must admit it does feel good not having any classes on friday. Loving this we HRH title  has acquired. Its well deserved RT  RT if you love Big Time Rush (follow me and I follow you back) I am back :-) yay for  signing!  #yayforcake Kak  udh Exit ya ?? Met bobo,,have a nice dream :D I do the awesome game-keeper next to me was keeping me safe  thank goodness because Komodos move fast!!! hurry up and get on stage!  x lmaooo nopee  not like he ever acknowledges them xx happy he's home Today has made my week Just discovered Tabitha's used my iphone to post Peppa Pig youtube videos to my twitter account! RT  Chris hordijk :D the a team #tvoh RT  Just bought 2 pair of short shorts for #malia2012 damn I'm gna end up looking like "the typical worker" but they propa nice "  " Heyy :-) Like I said, you and  need a 4th! So my bus ride is 45 minutes long... #pest like my bus leaves at about 250... and I get home at 335. 
Katie That was a BOMB ass lunch!! :D I try every time , you follow me back .. Can you help me for my dream come true ? I'm your biggest fan .. RT this ?  1 but I didn't know who it was :p I might miss you a little more then  :p sharron rockttttt :D #voice I think she deserves it and Good for her  GO VANESSA BRYANT! :D :D better not, u would miss to much fun! My week was nice, relaxing, kinda no HW. And i found a new song for u to send u soon Believe Tour Dominican Republic  Tratemos de hacerlo TT Cool. I don't have to work. Sooo let's workkkk  «  yes mam @ 1pm.» How was work?  xxx Follow  she's a cute little lady! i'm like it! you're amazing, please follow me?? Aw loved that  xo tonight is definitely tv + food night  #goodtimes RT  Sharon is sooooo sexy &lt;3 yummmm  #lesbihonest lol had a couple days of and just doing nothing!!! ima do my bday plans tomorrow instead of tonight  Wyd later cuz I'm blowing wit the wind today. Jus tryin to get #full Gettin ma nails did with kii and beck I love you!! :D cool!  cant wait to hear it! cause you wouldn't in with Brooke duhh... its okay tho  #iheardaboutyourguyslittlesecret :-) Lol yeah dawg RT   aaaaah, then chilled vibes Your more than welcome! oh...so they actin like they wasnt lame before and now they trying to talk some game lol, you should give em a shot Hey, hij zingt Ed Sheeran - The A team :D RT   i know  people should be grateful to have me in their lives. how are you? just got a tour of hcc from my best friend joey  #lovehim I swear the last 2 days been a good day :D Have you seen our answers in the latest WDW Radio Exchange??! Love writing for this series   via Sorry to hear that he's an ex... Never easy. *hugs* #YouWillNotTextHim The voice Sverige awww thanxs!! haha i cant imagine how excited u are! #fingerscrossed i wish u thee best luck hon!! :D Hehe ok RT  10 more days until me and  birthdayy  ♥ you're welcome hope you have a good weekend RT  Being mean to innocent people should not make you feel better about yourself #YOLO so be nice Y'all go follow #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK OH RT  I feel very relieved  ahhhhh if only y'all knew lol ;) RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly RT   thanks cammy no idea what that is  but glad its working yay ;) Party Rock! :D Yeah once we got her up we walked her round for a bit. And Mike says she is fine now. bus with But... NEVER SAY NEVER! RT  Overall good feeling today thanks to friends family and my loving boyfriend thanks guys the A-team RT   en tu tweet #9999 dijiste:  :D Oke kek :D RT  Thankyou ya om akbar hahaRT  Happy birthday  , best wishes for you pak rean :D how close to your best game do u think you are ? Made my 2011 seeing you win again :-) Mi mama txtd me early dis mornin to tell me gudmornin & she loves me ... AAAND THATS THE BOTTOM LINE COS' STONE COLD SAID SO! (Glass shatters) I know :D RT   Lol Hi I will !  ..but idk because I'm tryna forget that ;P! el ritmo re like a boss :D Pumchikipumchikipum ♪ RT  SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE PLEASE? Thanks :D xx Fail lol RT  Payday. Lets see how much i earned  aiming for 800.. Cutee avi .... ! awwww  .. welcome aniom ! got home and found a postcard from  with detail of my poem being published! it just made my day! :D I am not letting him come back! Sorry about it I'm glad  is okay!! & thiis just isn't turning out good -.- i wanted to go seee yalll ! ahahah, I VERY much doubt she will buy into that :D Noooo!!! Next time! I'll be back there soon my day &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; :-) bonding over some frozen yogurt with   and   #tcby RT   Nice background RT  RT if you love Big Time Rush (follow me and I follow you back) #FF  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; FOLLOW HIMMMM!!! nowww :D &lt;3 exciting Weekend of sport Ok byeee Here's my peace sign...I even wore it today for my Marching Practice First band kicking out the jams in truro!  This place is weird, but I like it :D &lt;---- new avi  oooweee ! good luck with that. Tonight join us for our 8-ball tournament at 8pm.  $5 entry fee, sign-ups at 7:30 tonight.  Lots of great specials tonight too ur welcome ;) RT  Orangeburg bound. Barn to ride harlee, then out tonight Im up , You're welcome Please follow me back ??  I will see U in Summer Soul Festival (Rio De Janeiro ) he gave us points for showing up to class today cause no one showed :P COSMOS Basically rewrote my entire paper because someone gave me an awesome idea to write about. Now its great :D #thankyou “ 155 screenshot to turn into #EdgeSight documentation. #NothingOnTV” what? er jo gullrekka jo i got trees on me  who wants to smoke 1 up ? RT   :-) I can't wait to be 18 to see one of your shows imma be the loudest and wildest one lol rayford quintania think I'm brilliant Haha! Are you a new fan of TW/Parade?  Yeahh I'm good thanks Xx :S ouuchh... Well, at least it was only a mock?  physics! :S at parents evening my teacher told my mum I was thick. Twat. ;) x Oh  and yes it is adorable :L #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK RT  RT  THE A TEAM ! CHRISSSSS ♥ ~ echt mooi ! :D yeahh :D now following Tio "We could go play bingo" Me "A7!" Grandma "Theres no 'A' in bingo stupid" lmfao xD blonde Moment :p I have thank you  yourself? I am nice but I had to drop that one :P haha yes he's my class teacher so xD but okay do you have any news? genevie payor think I'm momentous yes they are pls follow back  #TeamBreezy I love when Brian screams my name and gives me. Big hug I'll get to see you Such a straight L rideee  #lifted I love my Honda Civic : Le machine still drinking a glass of whisky? :D #colochastyl ho shi. :D thanks for mention RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss joycelyn think I'm instinctive and rational once bitten etc - nope, don't know who you are talking about Of course ! If you want a FB page then we can like it, etc Tell me where so I can kill him  RT“ Ewww justin bieber is going to have concerts in middle east :-/” i'm also going to #FF  only because i spent an entire week with her and she didn't kill me Go follow  and  !! YES!!  FINALLY!  Roger in Chile! :D  Can't wait! hahaha “ Shit. I may have to go to that game -_-” Ah, that's pretty cool. #FF         and have a great weekend guys! oh Milan *_* Cool ! & yes, u should visit Brussels :P How are u doing today?a nice glass of merlot. :-) Got somebody to sign up for a gapcard! My first one #FF   #wildfires lol! It does look like winter wonderland :-) I love you! (L) :D xxx no, I live Italy but I'm albanian, so I love croatia! It is 9:00pm on my side  ... Dm me ..Facebook me &lt;--- hahaha... Lol .. RT  We are DELIGHTED to announce our first two signings to Strange Chemistry:  and  :-) nice avi even tho you look a lil lost lol :-) alfreda think I'm 18. Affected you bet or in the doctors office waiting the kids like when we play togetehr  #VZWBuzz oh I don't mind at all - I'll DM you though bc it's a tad...classified. deffo ;D :L ive a better one where were posing with golf clubs :P &lt;3 Hai pittsudaaa RT  Thanks awek zarul :D RT  Follow u back one direction is awesome dude # peace out from sweden=sundsvall hey  follow back? thanks bitch. the quiero! Tough Friday on Twitter, Huh, Aww thanks followed you lmfao that shit is funny man I do it all day .... :-) RT  79 degrees ..ill take it   Where u at ohh I forgit to tell you: I'll go to Miami in May for sure  so happy haha Thanks, Chuck!   #FF My Fav Tweeps & Zweeps RT    we love youuuuuuu &lt;3 ummm.....creep!?! I am Mes. Yoder's aid this hour #duh I've tried phoning loadsa times mate... Think your lugs affecting signal!   #nodiagonalstomorrow I am somewhere nigga! Lmao good to hear luci mills think I'm creative and inventive nou orlando bloom is wel kapot knap :P Haha, same! & watching telly RT  Talent show is actually alright sure thang (; I'll take Ben then :D yes! We're the Devine wives xD looking forward to watching new girl at half past, deffo my new favourite tv show TY for following. Happy to be following back hahahaha thank you  &lt;3 i think after about a 20k minimum of followers, you have to contact #Twitter and ask for a Verification As musicians we have to fight to stay on the cutting edge...this would be that edge!! Check it out Cannot wait for summer :D Minnie is so happy for the rain paint me hahhaha :P  no kidding, why you don't paint Boyce Avenue, love them! &lt;3 xxx here is 9 words House of Anubis is the best in the WORLD! working and cant wait to leave to take my wild child to chuckie cheese RT   a  por sus chingones tuits RT  Brad Paisley/ The Band Perry/ Scotty McCreery concert tonight w/  . Can't wait! thanks hunny  cant wait till urs Woping when driving :P RT   take a chance on me RT  Nothing better than a cup of tea  #littlethings I am playing FB & hubby is working  #BJA2012 I'm working :(  but it's Friday..so its all good ohh! That's much better. Lol. U see I'm kinda mumu at twitter. Na gode. Make I fb What's #grooveshark anyway? :D one way to keep me focused To the pub loll Have a few jaeger's sure !! :P im DONEEEE my Project : ) RT  RETWEET If you are true #directioner  #SingaporeIsTakenBy1D Cual era el twitlonger de lo del video de One thing, o sino, el mail al que hay que enviar la foto! :D Bad mood , pissed , angry , tweetless , lazy , sleepy , dont want to talk , less talkative &gt;&gt; Me Today why ? followed, your turn i wasnt before wen i was in dancing with u G R A C I A A A A S S S S :-) lol ur welcome Being Human is on again soon. Wooooop. It's been here for /years/, haha :P I love that, as my puppy nears 1 YO she's starting to become as lazy as me when it comes to sleeping in! RT  pass!! RT  like mistletoe's right!? :D  RT   ooohkkk.....the wae av missed u eh! so is your spelling!!!!!!!!! Lol :P DS was 100% breastfed and he was 30 lbs at 6mths too.  The weight gain leveled out later i know.. that's gonna be my last resort if i can't find anything else :p It was  that want to be on that team!#Silly RT   &lt;---I pronounce you to be on the silly team.THERE ya go. :-) Argentina Loves You! Hey sweerie RT  Made my day I'm enjoying this very much :D Begging is like pouting bEen good  and urself? Aw. Thank you  RT  People.  Follow  .  That is all   Hey hey.  I said MOST men.  :p I love that! Okies will do  On it now! I GOT THE JOB!!! YAY ME!!! :D I'm sure I would b/c I love her style aai mi nommbree :D ( live on giufreitas_ :D Turn my sorrows into treasured gold How I do ? :D so u shown everyone at work my vids ye? :P RT  Yeah, I just woke up  SO glad I don't have class on Fridays! Have to go!! But I'll be back later :D *like* SOPA is dead. We did it! We all did! Alone we are powerless. Together we are powerfulShowered with compliments, today is gonna be a good day. Me too ,I love Bade :D You'll also have to stay up late tomorrow to watch iCarly then, thought I was the only who does that! still not 2,000 followers yet.
So close.....
 xxx Thank you for the #FF! Bummer I cooked tonight :( I hope for another tomorrow Are you going to stream today? :P for snowing Friday! White Cosmo & White Chocolate Martinis are on specials today! :-) RT  Retweet if you love Zayn Malik On some next level with some of my meetings today. Most weren't even planned. Now dead. These 24hr days are no good for old men like me Grazie, I've reached 200 followers . i was like where's it at on the map? &gt;.&gt; lol. but dang. i bet  so how was your day? RT  RT  #SOPA is Dead !!   Congratz people :D , WE ARE FREEE !! finally at 850 followers .. gosh it took forever ! #TeamFollowBack RT  bookmark this brilliant streaming site RT  PLEASE give us a vote for FERRARI on  Rebel Playlist!!?! It would mean so much to us!! Go on!  RT its on my ribs, like beside my left boob next to where your bra strap would sit  actually, it never hurt :O I just received one of those calls that always leave a smile on your face :-) just cleaned the room im so ready for tonight Just bombing people and bumming rabbits, you? :D xo Its sooooo windy...always wanted to do the mary poppind thing flying in the air wi a brolly Haha RT  heeeellLOooo  RT   &lt;---- RT  Does anyone work for at&t ?? #ff  he is amazing, positive, and talented.&always brightens your day. You won't regret it. spread mistake, It is october bridge not 6 october RT   thanksssss love :D &lt;3 RT    LMAO!! - :D I hate that i love u... i miss u crazy girl! Oya no vex RT  Ahn Ahn RT  Ode :P RT  *drags chair* RT  ... plz follow&mention me I'll bf thank u RT  Ofcourse.. they never disappoint *can't wait* #RealMusic RT   "its for free  u gon love it Let's take a trip down memory lane, and spam your dash with some lil' Bieber  - › please come back little... She look jus like u but far prettier ... " My babe #TVyoucaneat  Coronation Sweet ☹ RT  Glasses only  RT  I'm not THAT bad. ☹ RT  *checks prices for ... RT  13 followers please? RT for a Shoutout :D i knew that :P x Aargh! Unintentionally ... you are lyrical, so Bard's not totally out of character. haha! Yayayayay!!! I'm so happy for youuu! :D Just remembered how  and I went to wachusett the day I got my license  #bffsalways Babe whens your birthday & what's your sign ? Rob thinks its a magic mushroom :D Nice relaxing time at the hairdressers now off to  for the evening Hey Tara :-) How are you? X My ass is going to work cash money flow hey.. : ) x .. follow back hun? :-) you okay? 6 hours til game time/home opener! RT  i donated tweets to  , we stand #TOGETHER to make a change in this world. Your Twitter timeline is dead and need more news about BEAST?  Follow  for daily BEAST updates! Look out for the Missguided advent in next weeks LOOK magazine and on ye homepage And blog- all styled & produced by me :-)  aww  big contrast from me then ;) xx Nice Pic  RT  Turtleneck weather indeed it does! :P وتعلو مصر :D Listening to music from back in the day I would love to know who thinks so highly of me bernardina think I'm petulant For call, same as twitter: newplaceUS : ) Love u too!  RT  I Heart  Hi Sis. Miss You #boreoff The only mum that Robin needs to worry about it you, same goes for you! thanks Zach :-) thanks RT  omg I only need +102 followers to 16,000 Hope you having a wonderful day at work :-) Jonatics Are Proud Of Nick Jonas  ♥ yaaaaay I'm excited too #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK lamar hennington think I'm patience and perseverance Nice one to everyone who came to see us today and yesterday! yeah im so tempted to go back already, only had it dyed a week! ah was so good! we should go, its 2 for 1 RT   don't worry every saint has past :D bada scope hai ;) aajkal guru ma's are trending you know. guzel kadin gorunce.. ay aman hadi git gor :D De rien Its alright you know just need more followers :D Awwww RT  Little Isabelle on my drum kit at soundcheck earlier.. So cute!!  x have fun today good luck I know you'll do great I don't even get it :p RT    :D Love you guys!!!! #TVDnightgurlies I know tell me about it. Lol that's it get the joke book out  x we got this lol yur pretty tho lol, ahw. Thanks Candice! :D But I can't give it away, it's my dad's old sweater. :') It's so pretty outside , shopping sounds nice I love it!!  Ps Maynor I miss ur guts Tuesday??  Should we invite tony? :p svetlana think I'm influenced RT  im closer to my mother than ever before s.o too my nigga  for followin me backk : ) Hope u enjoying ur trip!!! Haha, aweeeeee  nice to meet you cuzzo!!! RT   that's my cuzzo... welcome to the family cuz! traxxxxxxsourrrcing Welcome to Anytime! Thanks for the mention hey hun I'm taking a shot in the dark but I would love it if you could pretty please follow me it would mean so much to me :-) :-) Yes tomorrow is fine 9 stacks for my mini cod4 montage so far.. and i started recording a week and a half ago and ive barely been playing because of midterms I'm
With him
Now
So I'll
Just get him to give you a retweet when he leaves my house  happy birthday you old hag RT  Had a roaring good time in stats today :-) Well im on xbox tommorow so ill set it up then RT   we WERE gonna get the hard one, but she couldn't find it so we got the easy one :D #SWAG In an hour I'll go out... Maybe I get drunk :D who knows :P I knew you would say that :PWanna go out tonight... Who wanna take me out for dinner Lookin 4wrds 2 my call  xxx I love guys who can cook... He made me steak and potatos :-) thank u my SuperStar  plz call me tomorrow it will make my day RT  22 followers til 800, please RT! :P aww cute I like it & I bet he would too :-) sure :D nice!! "regret it tomorrow" the curry or the wine?!  enjoy... i would do follow fridat but i forgot some of my folllowers adds so im real sorry FF# to u all loool! In my house! Just saying hi! Hi! Bye! :D I made these! It reminded me that we need to make our milkshakes again mommy faxed note Great! Two features coming I thought would be really nice to have :-) You wouldn't allow me to enjoy my food in peace! :D you know my dreams right?.. Well they're daydreams now too! thank you sooo muchh God! No problem! Have a great weekend as well! always good to seeing new carers being recruited :-) I'm sure Tis worth it though :D #FF Oh my hod Haha, it has been empty since last week! Plenty of Schiehallion though #Tweets4Tees pretty please with a cherry on top? found remote. Changed channels - I like the direction is going. I am not a pink girl and less seductive, more friendly. Loving it though!! While people are going out tonight, I'm chilling at home watching #DogTheBountyHunter marathon Thinking of #Oomf n shit I love moleskine notebooks, I do. But I'd actually be lost without  : ) I'll hopefully be able sort it next week when I get my computer :-) wish I had more followers i feel lonely haha! " What I do for my team mates   &  &   TOO FUNNY! I completely forgot to welcome our new admin "Libby" 
Welcome to the admins!  ~ ellie taking the meanest nap ever, then figuring out plans for tonight  #happyfriday drinking a delicious hot chocolate We have our own version here in Flanders Ready for work tonight My treat virgilio mcclenahan think I'm bellowing and shouting agradece :D UAHSUAHUSH I'm from Paraguay, but I'm so happy because  is returning to Broadway &  will be in 'Hot In Cleveland' :D Leaving work for a bit to go get a cappuccino from Dey r all jealous of us, dorris &hearts;RT  Lool :p RT  All seein eyes my eyes seen it all ... Just posted a new article:  "Your Rocky Moment"     Would appreciate some feedback.  Thanks.  : ) I crave chipotle ALL the time...let's go once this snow clears up Ohh I am, I went to school all week :-) LOL off to a party soon :D so wont be on twitter tonight! RT " ants follow sweet things."«« Dat mean u got ah trail load followin u :D RT  please RT would mean the world to me if i won this competition&lt;3 happy to return with a shoutout :-) Xxx    Eyes Wide Open Yeah I do lolol as soon as she accepts me on fb then I'll like it (@ Shell w/ 2 others) lol i dont get it . but i'll smile & say okae  lol awe damn that sucks =/ If I go into the city I'll def. tweet you how it was. You're welcome!! sure thing bud. Have a restful weekend I have that bag In white  RT  LV BAG SPEEDY 30 thanks for the good morning not really just being pedantic !! #wantedputthatwordintweetforages  x ure welcome sweetheart Can't wait to see my Voice ladies at our girls' Bible study tonight! Come join us every Rusher know this Photo...a few years ago the're was 4 boys and they had 1 Dream...Now is the Dream come true Being hypnotized by bubbles... :D LOL thank you! And you're welcome I can't waaaaait for it to snow tonight I'm fine  what are you gonna do tomorrow? Are you kidding me? I´ve been here for like... 3 months or something and I have 100 followers... :P Say Hello Cynthia :D PLEASE?xxx ( live on lol could u be like a vet then? Its ok sometimes can get pretty boring but yano it has to go on I guess :P xxxx just heard your not in Canada :'( &lt;/3 could you please tell me where your performing? :P btw follow me ;) RT  #leonalewisnashville I can't wait for  #Glassheart  it's been on pre order for ages now  x and it was my first Palace game against Stockport. 7 nil win in the league cup 1979 Butler Open Mic night tonight kids, get to the bar for 8.30 for some quality tunes Good evening, glad it's the weekend.  I've now got new slippers thanks to  :-) Stc later with marisa ? Hopefully haha thanks  xxxxx Waiting on the 101 with Derek... :D Please can i have a RT for my 17th birthday tomorrow. I love you My mom is making Hamburger helper  Yesssss i just did all because of you pleasure to meet you! Hope to see u soon back in barcelona It's an adult Disneyland. Go with Blueberry! I have a blueberry muffin that I'm about to tear into!  &lt;3 RT  RT " This is PGDA ;)   " amazing job intetney people text me -- i think i wanna change my bio , and maaybe my avi ! hmmm . . i'm thinking Chaseeeee :D you're so great girls OMG!  ( live on i kno you do Ryan Gosling + Comprehensive #Sex-Ed + Legit Explanation = YES PLEASE! Happy Friday everyone Honestly, our crowd is not a One & ONly bunch I'll pass your request along to the developers. awwh ;-) take it you had a good time? Would of loved to have joined ya  xxxx can you see the tweet I've just rt? That's it :-) Remind me what the score was? Lol. Dunno about anything else, but #Valencia will rape your left-back :P hahaha.....but i can't go today :P Great! Dhaka cant. ei to thakbi naki? :-) laurie hentschel think I'm merciful RT  Randomly remembering good times and smiling like an idiot. Thaankyou for the follow  - looks like we both larrrveee You're welcome. Have a great weekend!Clip of me singing "Chandni" on Tommy Sandhu's show on BBC Radio.. Check it out but I can do it Love yoou  ♥ xxx I love it! :D  Hey, how are you? Did you do the makeup in that pic? It looks so natural! You can have whateverrr you like #nf  follow back. Before I had kids I cussed like a sailor. Hi,Hollie  could you please ⒻⓄⓁⓁⓄⓌ talented LA singer  & CheckOut #CrashIntoMe  #THX Just got in from work  staying in now being #boring have a wine for me girlies     lvyaaaaaa Xxxxxxxxx I think u meant    RT  Aww  is on stage for #PUSHLiveTX Just voted twice for  :D What time is Big Brother on tonight? :-) Me and will  good luck to nite red hawks  we have to win this one its #homecoming #LookWhatYouDone; jamming to that right now . :D alright really :D Ninja turtles with my my love ;) oyaa come we parrtayy! Your my new don  (y). Smile  It's Friday haha! Sawa sawa! Lets wait and see! :-) so meanwhile, BBM yuh?? :p Mmm someone smells good Well thank you  how have u been? Watching the x factor final 2010 yet i know the wonderful outcome anyway! iShower x Eagle Rock condo is Destaged, a couple xtra "touches" added to our Hollywood Staging; now back to the warehouse = productive am &lt;~~~~ New avi !! Da Lord created a beautiful young lady Lol. London's dirt expensive, 1hr commute 4 me. :P yeah! :D I'll post it in my next tweet! aww what a game. Aint no tony hawkes though. What you up to tonight?! Glad the soup was good :p I look forward to this date :D Romance always pictured it beb I've been feelin good these past two days by not lettin anything bring me down Is having a chilled drink :D //Lol :P What a derp. also, can u follow me, loove ur twitter! :D &lt;3 NF  #TeamFollowBack Oo dat 1:-) :-) " I meant her boobs  No thx..amateurs " Wanna watch? RT  #lesbobo Hey jamel followers   #herBLOOD that's good to know  when will you be back?? up's & down but more up's!!! yo guys, check out my new animation conchita think I'm strenuous and energetic #leavemealone asshole, gracias I'm going to need a pic of those boots! lol you know me I LOVE boots thank yuu #TeamFollowBack RT  I WILL FOLLOW YOU IF YOU FOLLOW  for me  once you're done RETWEET &lt;3 #muchlove Thank you! HI LIAM PLEASEEE. SHE MEANS SO MUCH TO ME AND THIS WOULD BE THE BEST THING EVER  x x x Come on somebody! Let's go to the casino! I know, but I like the way #DoW2 does things. :D I just wish I was better at it. Love me some Chaos Space Marines. :D Yep totally just paid for this cake. Im awesome haha, I'm good! Lots of snow where I am now! How are you? Is there snow in Kingston? :D The 'Candy Shop' dance on cam...woooohooo! :D #FF  . She's #TeamScorpio & She's #TeamFollowBack Believe Tour To UK - LONDOOON :D RENELIANS &lt;3 - this one is kinda easy but try to figure out what it says about  &lt;3 -tweet me your answer thru out the years ... you thick but this follower is SUPER thick :-) and periphery.  that is all. RT   yes of course!! your red light hasn't flashed much lately? :P i guess she just has too many fans lol secretly shes done me proud  bt still dno if she duin nfin backstage :( lme no ifu hear x you're the besttttttt back off sista he's been mine for a long time! P.s I like your hair #ff_back "Believe Tour To UK" we love you here to   &lt;3 #FollowBack please! ahah how many sis do u have?"i
its fun RT  Have you added us to your circle? Please do. Follow back #FF  FF= FOLLOW FRIDAY OMG!!! besame !!  I LOVE YOUUUUUU I KISS YOU !! :D Boutta eat some cake :D have to do it then.. Suppose it is investing in our future! from Belgium  What about you ? :P x That sounds great! Let me know how they turn out. cool cool :D x thank u phone with  & - I feel great slided into a tree :P Ditching with Jordon Believe Tour To Middle East ...Plz help keep it trend so  could see it n visit us! :D PLZ! #BeliebersHelpBeliebers 21 PLEASE! lol RT  #youknowtheycall me daddy cuz im dat nigga Ouch.. ART  Cubit aj admin nya biar mancung :D RT  Ikan (cont) I love when I have my break and hour before I'm off  #lifeatmcdonalds what does #FF mean haha?:p Great will start working on it today .. ;-) RT   ooohh we would love that!!  xx Thanks everyone for the #ff means alot sorry didn't realize that It&#39;s such a beautiful day today makes me want to just sit outside  or take a walk. HAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHHAHA thiss happened todayyyy:$ :p Team Legion is back on the field next saturday, can't freaking wait.  #Paintball #Stonewall RT   Oooh I feeel you aha ...i am VERY aware of penguins :D awww thank you  it runs in our side of the family hehehe you too sweetie! Hope you hada good bdaay  x We just did the Friday dance in Ms. Bohler's. Lol, she's awesome playing football with my dad and brother I spent my money on food! You bring me oneeeeyeah, I feel like shit! &gt; :( but awee, feel better!  is she still there? what's wrong dearest? I'm good Pedialyte for breakfast makes the hangover go away. True story  You should see the looks when I have armfuls of it at the checkout stand HI LIAM,CAN YOU TWEET ME ''Ciao.''? xx  please!11 yo = hermosa te extraño !! ok, yeaah i know  but still.. If they are going to sweden too, why can't they go heeeere ): #NW : Boyz n the Hood. #classic RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Rain boots and thong hi..thanks for following ..!!  girlsday fiiigghhhhttiinngg..!! ^_^ I'm comin home feb 10th!  we will have to do something #partyypartty! Buenas Tardess!! mundoo twitteroo!! :D oh nice one  propose the dublin idea to your mum and dad? Im gonna break your little heart, watch you  take the fall, laughing all the way to the hospital don't worry I will Oh ok, and that's a cool sword. :P I've wondered of late why some people say parentheses, whilst others say brackets. Is it a colloquial thing? wearin' my cupcake pj pants!! #swaag :P Nah it was poppin at lotus last night YOU shoulda came with us You suck :D get out of here yoo comeoneee skypeee and guess what i gott passes , i got my teachers to help :P pass in ict ocr aswell :D &lt;3 RT  Nice one to everyone who came to see us today and yesterday! Hehe it's funny how your life is so bad but mine is so great Thank u dear, haholo  RT  Love d bbm prof pic Ha :-) Gradually going through ripping all mine, so they can go in the loft. She's beautiful. :-) one day....one day.  #imdetermined of course I do!  I'm good thanks, better now it's Friday ;) How are you? xx Happy birthday  hope yu have a great daay ! Much love &lt;3 yeeesssssssss and i reaaaalllllly like louis and want him to follow mw back loooooooooool but he isn't loool thank you! so excited hát nem nagyon :D RT  I'd like to wish all a top evening tonight in Belfast at the motorcycle awards. Have a Guinness for me! :-) uh...absolutely Blueberry waffles... :D Hello  you were a decent lady in the house. Hope to see you on the TV again danku yeess my dad is going to be famous noo problem can't wait!! I'm loving #NewGirl right now!! :-) x Life's always good in the garden state!   RT  Jersey tonight, lifes good. &lt;3 Visual Studio Gets Achievements, Badges, Leaderboards  &lt;-- Trying to work out if this is amazing or absurd :P only a few :p Lol I didnt know you texted me but ok RT  This buttplug is awesome. That is all. :-) #sextoys &lt;- Hooray for anal play! its friday tho, so thats girls' night with my sisterss Btw, I hope you one day get to give the poem to that special one Just got back from karting at the kurburgring. Cant believe  broke a kart :P Mum brought me a bottle of peach schnapps for tomorrow, thanks sue that's saved me money :P Humber student studying photography and have a project to photograph celebs! Thought of you two!  ya interested?! :D Oh If I Catch You Ian you're not the only one that's bored :p So Overrated! hahah WELL DONE! You are a truly directioner! xx :D have a good weekend  - love your hat pic XO ohhh! That sounds like fun! Lemme check my sched at home but inbox or text me the details RT  EVERY SINGLE PERSON ON EVERY SINGLE TL HAS TO FOLLOW 



 


NOW!!!! 



She so lovely and funny too RT  NP: Trey Songz Last Time Now... I'm happy!!!!! :D You're welcome! RT  Remember it takes 42 muscles to frown, 17 to smile and 4 to punch. You decide :-) : ) RT  #FF Lavern and Shirley   ;-) :P thanks “ bouncing lines?RT  I appreciate the love but rather unfortunate i can't reciprocate it.”-- I should think so! Great, Your blogs are really good. :-) Never let you go! #Ff : ) Lol rightttt. I'm just listening to music. I'm like damn its 3 alreadyyyy :o i better start pampering and stuff  soexcited! RT  Finally Friday hahaha you still don't live only once :p aye that's impressive but do you know the lyrics to all the Barney songs?! #IDontThinkSo lol only joking! Fairplay congratulations!!!! I wish  would notice me. I lovee  So dont bitch at me :p I don't listen to things I don't like but thanks for listening anyways! :-) PvP MMO game thingy :P I'm not good at explaining. Eso Eh Jeviiii :D look on my profile its on there Lots of QT with my girl  this weekend. I know shes excited :-) Happy Friday our Hat Lovers ! :-) So bored af,  I'm tweeting soo muucchhh :P aw thats so cool  x HA! Thanks!! :P Lookin cute for nothin&lt;&lt;&lt; oh well fugg it!! Finalllly off work RT  RT  RT  SOPA is officially dead :D Follow Me? RT   hey  follow back? Love you &lt;3 :D you'll be beautiful I fell asleep for like an hour d'awh you're so sweet!  I hope you are too! :P RT  I wanna learn arabic, its very hard though " that's seven cowboy miles! Lol   #canyoncheer" follow back same & listening to music tweet with me you will learn lol :-) Anytime! Love you guys. thank you Going Home Baby walk proudly this is your national Anthem...WALE-pRETYY GIRLSwell done us! &lt;==== New name Early release from school because of the snow!! 3 day weekend too. (: #austream later. :D Time for some beach fun with the boys  frisbee and football! Welcome Christel, thank you for the Follow Aww I heard ow bad d snow is in chicago! Buhahahaha! Okay I don't feel bad lmaooooo! Hehehehe.. Yall berra move to Miami like I did :P  with you is where i wnna be & with you is where ill stay I dont my eyes are just beautiful and your jealous :P lol Awwwwwh. He is so cute. noo your a loser here you guys can text me if you wanna do something  541 224 4832 "  you might need to arrange that!" anythings possible Is it weird tht I like frozen burritos w/ ketchup RT  Friends, I'm so close to 100 followers! Please RT and recommend to anyone you know who might like to learn to be frugal! :D #ThingsICantStand people telling me what to do and how to do it. It's my life. F**k off why don't you please and thank you " little miss sunshine   My White Girl BAD !!!! Whoo Hoo!!  We finally got our new Business cards with our correct Address and Phone Number...Isn't it pretty no probs, thanks for following back, have a good weekend, coyi Yes Tamera, I directly tweet it to annoy u :D So many things going on next month! Baby showers, bday parties, The Vow, & most importantly the Lakers game!!! :D Beers with the boys you taught me to never give up, thank you for everything!  Follow me, please ?  16 At the Learning Commons with a friend.  She has cool noises coming from her iPhone. :p oui, week end enfin :p Thanks Mike,have a wonderful night “ #happybirthdaytome my best friend love me :D   glad you likes your present (: I get to see my old Bio teacher! :D Again! kl lol  sooo wat do u want to talk bout?? Lesssss than an hour thennnn B&N for some chill time Me & my stanky doodle! : ) Arrrtt project!! Not all finished thouuugh 
CB#: 7249867870 Congratulations for Genie nomination - AWESOME...and SO deserved :D RT  WEEKEND :D can't it stay as the weekend? And not go to school.... I fucking hate it. keyboard to fight the elite mob, she looked sad and went into the hallway. So extra cuddles for Dotty today. I swear I love picking on Dajean  haha RT  My shirt says "Go Fuck Yourself"  - LRG &lt;~ mine say "Just Blaze" - Sneaktip #4DaysForMyHeartIsBroken  .... :P This manager Pat cool as shit. This games gonna be fun dont hate...u kno u got a big ole butt girl.....but we love it doe RT  Followed RT  #nf  followback RT  Im meeing One Direction in Febuaury and i want to give them a list of fans to follow RT THIS AND FOLLOW ME IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE IN IT you're fine. “ "  I been good you?"  Im blessed! Good to hear from you:-)”•Ditto “ That awkward moment when you realize you’ve been pronouncing a word wrong your whole life...” Hammock RT    ITS TWITTER I CAN TWEET ALL I WANT... p.s. we are actually on the phone :D Me & My Dad have been having such a cute father/daughter day DEFINITELY .. me & my mom yessssssss !! The fat girl inside if me screams **** Damn, Slayer gonna play in Warsaw. For only 70zloties max ('bout 15euro). For student - 50 zl ~= 11euro. Cool :D Reminds me of the time I tried taking a short cut with potatoes boulangère & didn't par boil them. "Chewy" springs to mind -- immbe! :p You cant spell! Sophie :p RT   do you even have to say that? :P as long as no one uses LOIC, we're good. no #gangbang We all love our #TRIADnecklace! Thanks to you guys, we got it! And thanks to you my dad bought it for me! :D &lt;3 ily sister! U gotta shake it off, trust I know all about being down. You will make it, and things will get better. :-) thanks yay! that's awesome! :D chin up Thanx luv : ) your welcome , thank you too :D ! telma think I'm contemplative I just read his tweets. He's talkin bout being a Christian & not being comfortable working in the secular mkt, etc... ey you know about Benny Banks! :D Your back on Twiiiiitter :D  #bestdayofmylife Have New Girl recorded, gonna watch it later so no-one tell me about it PEASE  X slap 'em down Miss B / turn the other cheek / give them what for / forgive & forget. Pls delete as appropriate I'm serious baby!I want u so bad!!! Nu #thevoicesverige taisha think I'm exorcised RT  #ArgentinaLovesAvrilLavigne because is the reason we smile RT   Thank you Aigner : ) I must have a VERY boring life. :D My daddy had his checkup w| the doctor & everything was PERFECT! His throat is looking GREAAAATTT! #ThankYouGod! #blessed :D Home  Cooking. NO chill tonight though. Hungry. Stir fry with rice. here it's called masopust, so it's similar  btw I've sent you DM.. All PvZ plushies!  A whole garden's worth Soo I needa go to Charlotte and visit my cuzzo  !!!! I'll beat his ass for my shawty RT   should definatly follow me back :-) Anyway, job done. You had best get on with it now. :-) Round 2 of the Romna with Vic, Sasha & Minto :-) #gonnaturnin2ahumanmadras Danke That went better than expected! Omg babY Lol RT  hasans girlfriend :-) Thank you!! I'll choose a Scorsese film over a chick flick every time! Cheesecake factory tonight :D I'm on tumblr  greenshoesandpurplehats xx RT  Everyone seem so upset just take a second & breathe then smile  lol Maccy D's trip with   and jake :D I think the coffin has their mother thats y klaus wants it so he can bring her back & wake his family & b 4given ahh damn. she must be bad as hell tho . aha, :p lol it's not at ALL hehe but it's easy!  & ohhhh, waiting in line for that book tsss hehe that's ok :-) I'd want ticket to go to a great and kind person :,) It's so pretty outside :-) okaieeee dokieeeee  have fun ^_^ happy birthday  xxxxx I saw your message to Jared. I hope everything will be  okay with your sister and get well  . We are with youstalk me gon head cuz its gon get boring....maybe I should stalk you  but love you 2 RT   You suck :D get out of here "  and I did work today haha" yeah  those guys were cool RT  Believe Tour To Middle East Trended In 10 Minutes And Lasted For More Than An Hour  &lt;3 #Arabbeliebersgohard ;) &lt;3 RT  RETWEET if you want me to follow you? follow & list  and i will follow some of you back  RT if you did so i can follow you xx elodia vavra think I'm pressured who are you?! :-) "   RT If Your Bisexual  " Listening live on Mixlr. Random Music from JackSwagasaurus If Shopping Was A Sport : ) RT  I LOOOVE GETTING GOOD MORNING TWEETS FROM STARNGERS. ♡  (cont) I'm just a big dork :D xx “  Thx anna hope yer doin good!” Yes, really great, thanks! RT  Is Tay Mom A Redbone, If So... No Other Questions Asked u should! and to you Hi Kate, hope you and the little one are well Judas. ♥! And yours? Ingrid do u like million matchmaker?? I do Follow back : ) Im nice lol RT  lol, i used emotional blackmail,,well atleast i got what i wanted Bring cookies... bring booze.. everyone loves cookies... everyone loves booze. Sounds like one of my parties! RT  Sexy and i know it :-) wow cool  nice to meet you dear ;) abt 2 pick up my babe in a lil while & the rest is history lol :-) ya as much as I hated that class there were good times :p Everyone go follow I LOVE this  what a great positive way to start the weekend. thanks for positing! I've come to the conclusion the Whittlebury Hall is a maze!!  xxx Chiense and dvd with  wooo of course #WeNeedBelieveTour To Come To Washington D.C !! so walked past you doing that in a group of 3!!! Go lloydy :-) RT  And for my grown folks that are 21+, yall already know #Scotts is the place to be on a Friday !  come sing ya hearts out at #karaokeNight Thanks doll!! Hopefully we can catch up Derby my train is at 15.23, so if you're around I would LOVE to see you  xxx cien mil followers... :D My office decided to close up shop early! So happy that I can go home and read :D yep and 6  writing chapter 7 right now on a plus side ive bought ma self a new leotard to cheer myself up Lol, I had a craving for them  xoxo #ff my other boys i know! And no 22 here I come :-) Those days in middle school where instead of your science teacher boring the shit outta the class, you got to watch Bill Nye. you're not spamming. COME ON. GO FOR BRUNO!! :D Leaving to work in a little bit.. :p Thank you for the #FF RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Ok  Just let me know when you're ready for a collab is there an iPhone app??? :-) I think they are in the 4800s now..check .com  stay positive!!! I hope u get on!!! Keep me posted thank you sweetie  xxx Check out my Latest #beat "Painful Happiness"  I had fun making it Still not a beast with this program yet..  x2 finally friday I'm going to the beach!! I'll come visit Auburn soon to solve this Photo: Dear Gillian Zinser, don’t smoke baby, please don’t hey shyy . i miss you ! it has been forever. RT  #FF   cause he cool as hell :-) RT   that's alright! really really enjoyed it   is awesome RT  I got fed today in nutrition :D RT   &lt;&lt; ima have to take a flight out sumtime n hit u up. record sum songs with ya n tell u put me on with yo friends RT    I'm a complete idiot! Dooood it's okay! I didn't even see it, and it wouldn't offend me anyways! I'm glad you get to see her. thanks for the follow  x you can do it llama racer  miss your guts and hope to see you when I come down to Eagle!! Yet another question, sorry.  Do you plan to allow file attachments on to do items at some point? hell yesss!!! And now that I have money I'm def buying some new boots from them #FF  cus shes pretty & a pretty down personality :D yeah it should :P But apart from that, yes! Today was finally okay! How about yours? yes yes absolutely I love Jane and Tanya relationship :D Growing up to become a successful young lady makes me happy :-) RT  It was just a honest thought that just popped up in my head , but  _ your really pretty h a p p y ! my marko just left  finally saw him . ima have a g o o d day ! you can have my 40,552nd tweet the only thing girls seem to think about is boys boys boys .........haha not me i think about JEDWARD JEDWARD JEDWARD !! :D carl gutzman think I'm malignity and spitefulness So how old Are you ? :P ( live on huzzah!!! 127 Hours is finally on C4 - this Sunday at 9pm :-)   #127hours Done with class for today! :-)  yippers!! you're still my beautiful, hairy, South African :D it's okay, you were working w/ Jeremy yessssssss ill see you there Now he lookn at me :-) isn't it just framable tiger I think you need to publicize your thai roots more often....just saying and meditate more if you wana win a trophy  RT liked the page follow back?  x oh, & I hope you feel better sweat pea Thank you kindly. We're doing ALL we can. :-) Have a fantastic weekend! I miss you! I love seeing you omg last person i would have thought of hahhaa,em maybe latur :-) It's soo calm just being able to sit back and relax and not have to worry about exams why thank you wow women like u are super hard to find so cool & friendly a las 7:30 my darling :D RT  A good explanation of the role an effective Coach can play in your life &/or for your business  #Coaching...followed :-) hey bbg.i owe you $8 for the cookies right? :P kam 3umrk?

mmkn nshof a5tk  ( live on thank you! thank u  you made my day Chicken, olives, corn, sunflower seeds, lettuce, and ranch dressing = awesome salad :D En canal 2 :D Twitter chat? But Snubs dey o! RT  sori sir i dnt use BB..RT  Yaaay!! Oya ur pin..  RT ... felice Q9: First Correct answer was from &gt;&gt;  &lt;&lt; The answer was 'Grade 8' I'm dedicated to the beautiful young lady in my mirror..  #iLoveHer if you get to meet tyler posey hug him for all us fans that can't RT  Being mean to innocent people should not make you feel better about yourself #YOLO so be nice ..curious where you got the information from thank you RT  Okay  &  & all my #Rebels follow afifa ne dhoonda :p  Kinda cute! Thora bacha lagta hai but sweet hai :p Had a good wee night tonight ya it's pretty cool! and ok. I will show you! It"s ...... Time ....... : ) LMFAOOOO.. YOU LOVE IT THO!! thanks for watching love.. I LOVE your support.. :-) Think I've done the best painting... Ever? Haha :D really surprised! &lt;33 I'm going to change my username. Kay? K RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss Chocolate chip cookie dough ice creaaammmm ! :D yummyyy ! no problem #oomf made my day perfect with that surprise , late Christmas but still and I`m from Bulgaria - TC !  GOOOOOOOOOOO No!! :p you have to do Tumblr!! you will have a lot of followers (i will be one of them)so.. what do you think about the idea? :P 1 Can't wait for the next one!!! :D Its only 2 million :p Mmm nice cup of white hot chocolate :D #yum is going to be looking absolutely radiant tonight. Lol Have a good time. Special #FF for A HUGE MCLAREN FAN: Lena is sooo funny.! Man I miss her and her good days yeah well one day we'll meet up and you can buy me one  xxx I love u!! Amaizing! xxx i lub u rhii xxx lets PRAY (by JDB) that we stay close till yr 11 and longer :D Have a good evening everyone  It's Dinner Party Time now! yay! thanks ryan  (: oh well good luck kinda haha but i don't care what other people think :D Photo: › “You need to get tougher. You’re pretty easy to take down.”  Oh  how love you, you... Thanks, you guys. :-) Found this playing Silent Hill on #PSP :D #theshining Use your brain ;)  Don't be arogant Call me when Ur girl leaves I think today went well...I guess we will see. When the new Hard With Style is going to release?  looking forward to it ;DDD this thursday right  #HWS when  & #noah started dancing w/ that random guy at the mall &gt;&gt;&gt; that was too funny . :D RT   RT“ This has to be the best day everrrr. Both   &  tweeted me today. *so.freakin.happy*&lt;33” hehe your adorkabler :D RT  my mommy made my WHOOOLLLLEEEE day ! &lt;3    RT IF YUU LOVE YUR MOM ! Dont be daft, it would! hahahah let's gooooooo Yaaa bgetzRT  delete contact. Remove facebook. Unfollow twitter. Paket komplit tapi lebay aja yaaaahh haha :D The bus driver is my new best friend.. she told me and sara that we looked so pretty  #howsweet " Can't wait to go to work & see my favorite little kids💘"kumon's finest!  ahahah well lets go thenn Ok,  so... Just skip over them when U recap!  Leave em out, don't mention 'em, think of it this way it'll save ya time! My break ends at 3:30 & I get out at 4:30 . Okaay cool yes defo baby!! Soo bored right now!! Haa btw that dress came .. I dnt like it :P xx You Alright slut? :P we are small team of designer and developer. Please reply at abhishek if you r looking for a creative you done rambling :P awww, it was my pleasure bethany. BTR changed my life too. It introduced me to some new friends. And also Eric Saade  xo oh its nothing  haha :D awh thankyou babe!xx mani/pedi's with   he picked out my color! 💅👍 do you LOVE your English felicitors? Ahhh it's okay!!  I'm great thanks and you? lol okay & nails & make up!! ohhhh! That's cool :D  Without music , life would be a mistake !! Gud nite tweeps :D Game today @ MHS against East Catholic @ 7 ! Come support the girls basketball team oh thanks Chilled Weekend Look into my eyes !!! What do you seeeee ?! The Cult of Personality !! :D I don't have to go back to school until Monday. So glad : ) watching #vampirediaries #Eastenders stephaine think I'm idiotic ty :-) #ProudOfOurBoyz thank God and ABDC so we could meet each other  you guys have no idea how you inspire all them kids all around the world. thanks so much! much appreciated oh we have a bad ass over here RT  “ “ late as fuck to work smh,” just like me  lol” yay! I'm not alone lol. I'm doing great! How are you doing? yeah, the older one can't believe she's wearing fossils - we were only talking about them the other day Jersey shore fulfills so many of my daily needs  love it Yep. 1 of these 3 people is a birthday boy. Washed and waxed RT  Apparently Eurosport will move the Snooker to Eurosport 2 if it isn't finished on time to allow WRC to be on time. #EurosportAreMega! : ) you have fun now Olly ;) don't be out too late :P x Oh, yeah that's perfect! Well well, no reason to complain about being born earlier, nothing you can do about it :D lol xxxIan doing nothing but wasting time. *I like :-) thanks but u sadi u'd follow back :P RT  I may be the happiest girl right now and idk why .. love all the people in my life  #blessed #MUSTFOLLOW  ! Oh, but I did :p hey JONAS NEW ALBUM please we need. :( The Jonas Brothers Never Gone ! CantWaitForNewJonasAlbum ! ahahah thankyou &lt;3 & yes now she feels a bit better  ahahah yess cause i just got to watch movies all day ahaha :D #life RT  14 more followers!! , RT thanks #FF  & NR147  See You Both Play Tomorrow In The #Masters Semi-Finals   #RT #Snooker #BBC2 #AllyPally #London #Uk Mt hair is super soft today can i be listed under any bit but prefably a Zayn bit please :D x Well, let me think Roger.., Me + Seals  = Mmm..Grrrr..Mmm YEAAAAAAAAAAAA BUDDY!!!!!!!!!!!!  I mean. I like em.  TY!!! :-) HEY you are my everything, thanks for all, I'm proud be Jadenator  I would be happy? please follow me. TE AMO 24 Me too . I'm all listening to love sad songs lmao :D " People evolved to like sweets because most bitter things are poisonous."  and followed loving all those colors RT  Uploaded my Jailbreak video a while ago :D
NEW Jailbreak 5.0.1 Untethered iPhone 4s & iPad 2 - Absinthe Yes I am  RT   you big kid lol - Hello from Keep the Stripes Facebook Group! Like your  support of the Wish Tower Cafe plans. Our seafront is the best! :-) Shopping, ice skating, now new york pizza!! haha good  he came in there trying to get you in trouble I was like howlett gtfo #annoyingteachers I can say I'm truly happy wit my life right now :-) both I guess you can say! French say lasagne  I'm sure they will be fine but the top might be quite crispy! precious think I'm right Thats wasup :-)  thanks hun!!! Dang today was alright at school but yayy  its the weekend now wahey at my mum's, getting dominoes pizza :-) so text me sometime so I have your number! not so secret anymore :P it's my pre-Sogeti account. Consider yourself VIP ;) Follow me  :p I think so no... You aren't, you are a swag maker :p In dha house wit my boo cooliin till later Really glad everyone likes the DVDs for the WLTG! Hope to do it again sometime :D Home alone means loud music :D I love you too : ) no. What should I visit there? I'll watch them for you and give you a brief summary of them all :D haha sorry Louise didn't realise its good isn't it RT  "Its finally Fridayyyyy, I'm free again! I got my motor runnin for a wild weekend!"  #fridaysong here is a present just for you! Twinkies!!!! :-) Omd well donee !!!!  xx sure, why not. it's funny how, just by talking to a person, they can put you in a good mood.. yaaaaay Back in Manchester for a week That is aces Mr.Shed lol good one :p aha sorry I was driving, couldn't check my phone ;) thank you so much, Charvee! Hopefully more to come.. Keeping my fingers crossed for some more music to come out of us. I'm not! And I'm worried my boobies won't fit :( but ahhh!!! :D excited much! thank you sweetie ♥ rebbecca canario think I'm lengthy and diffuse RT  #FF RT  Im meeing One Direction in Febuaury and i want to give them a list of fans to follow RT THIS AND FOLLOW ME IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE IN IT RT   Actually, she said, 'Seriously?!' a few times before she said yes  x hehe I'm only joking! You can do better than him haha  x Yesssss bf brought me Starbucks  on this freezing Alaska weather day I think they swapped it for My Heroine but I still love that song so I wasn't too upset!  I cried when they played... follow me please!!! :D Matt: "Take out the word 'come'." 
 "Hahahah. He said 'come'." :p #PlayPractice See you again my baby darling in another awesome nite :p aww, thanks for the #ff hon!! how was your day?  ( live on Matt Nathanson - Laid American pie  liedje!! :P yeah ALL for you check out my cousin's cover  she's been singing for ages and i forced her to do a video :') Eating some goldfish  probably one of the best snacks ever created "  lol thank you my dear (:" your welcome  how you been aint heard or seen you in a min Nuggets fresh fries fresh... Mcdonalds on point today  lol I'm good.  Followed :D mireille think I'm despoiled and destroyed #rafaquestion Fave player is Romàrio. First goal for Holland was against Austria RT  I hope they shut the internet down... I really only use it to jerk off anymore. Back to Victorias Secrets catalogues like in 6th grade. welcome RT  Got My Hand in My Pants and a drank in the other. :p #Followed hahaha! So that wasn't just a ploy!! Interesting town, you've got there! Finally Friday, get to relax and blast the  stereo :D Found an apartment that WE really lk. Bratty Bitches Whining Over Super Childish Things   What's Wrong With 'it' :P i went crazy in GameStop yesterday, fond the mic i was looking for and got the rest of the Map Packs. Now I'm just like   :p So Happy!! (C) glanced and misread the spelling of names lol... i was wondering why she would be performing with some randoms :P Me and  enjoying some italian food! #Decent  'so sweet. :D 2 more followers :D block back :p RT  Believe Tour To UK, not only England though. Justin should visit Wales, Scotland and Ireland too. yeah that sounds good  what time is the game? fto ce Winda cantik We know :p I thought I did:L sorry, followed now  xx RT  Everyone watch mine and  twitcam at 8.30pm on our joint account   follow it whilst ya at it x is there a new Blue Bloods tonight? I hope so, love that show! Never Hire A Gay Weatherman_HAHAHA 
LMAO :D | My Blog | VideofyMe  via "you look pretty today " - ohh well thanks :D that means i looked ugly yesterday -___- AHHH your finally verified  follow us please xx my TT && Yayyyyyyy !!! Thanks for retrieving it I'll give it a go, thanks  but if I become addicted to it and fail my A Levels, you'll be to blame... I feel like everyones in a funk today...even peeps calling to request songs sound miserable. It's FRIDAY! Be happy : ) ~MARI wish i could pair some people up.. they'd make the best couple haha RT An #Aquarius is so painfully honest and straightforward kind of person, a passionate lover, and an absolute a$$ kicker :D  Tooooo hiLarioUs!!! Wher u stayN this Sem??RT   best advert ever... :D lol,please don't die without you, the world will lose a beautiful brah :D After I curled my hair count me in  ☀✈👙🍻🍻☀ xx thankyou I'm babysitting right now but I'll help to trend it For a second there I thought I read "sweets" instead of tweets. Hm, I'd pick the sweets can you pretty please post a pic of your new hair colour without any special effects on it? Thanks a bunch!  xoxo What's that lol RT   lol get me some nutella Hey  would you possibly want to run the spotlight for us tomorrow for homecoming?  #skillz Last night was toooo fun , round 2 tonight for  bday Watching dirty girl .. I love her style and the movie is so funny :D You're welcome. The beat I swear :D #TATW #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK GCear from my friend, James.  "Look on the bright side.  Now you don't have to be in Annie". RT  I wanna go to the movies tonight! the first two? :D haha no excuse then init #oomf is my baby doin well my friend.  Have a great day :-) thaaankkk youuu!! :D thankssssss :D hildegarde derbacher think I'm contempt and indignation get the twins out of cbb (there no where near as good as jedward) gareth to win  #CBB Time to listen to music haha! how's your phone? :P this is one of the reason that i lve you, you are soooo sweet Re-regarde SAW2 :p :O seats 3-5  had a pretty decent view! wbu ? xx heeeeeeeey thank you amma go read it in a few I love youu C'mon Just Notice me please  xxxxxx # Good, just chilling in chemistry :P S/O to my newest followers:   &   #TeamFollowBack A smiling willow? you're welcome dear papa :D exciteddd, my roots are awful haha xxxx RT  RT for a shoutout he he he! You're the second to say that! :-) TY!  :-) Hi guys eyeyeyeey! Give it to meh fast! Don't dare mess up their sexy faces! :D 
Peach is awsm btw ^^ :DRT   RT   :*:* RT  God brought me in it He will bring me through it! Glory to Him! I have Jesus to live for! Awesome eh? :D would be THEE best roommate everrr if she straightened my hair for meee  :D damon hassen think I'm defensive RT  Can you name who all these people are.?? Only a Directioner could -  RT if you managed it RT   sexy avii ... #RIP #EttaJames Finally home with Jesus Wonderful! Looking forward to it nigga please whether I laugh or not you're still gonna be happy to drive me somewhere :p !! it's beautiful Always, KUKU my future and past wife, can and will life up my spirits...seb seb seb seb.... eskista in my cubicle! couldn't agree more! lol. I'm doing great thank you very much mum, hope all is well with you too yeah I did too :D loved it :D I didn't see the conference either. I was confused with the google+ but glad I seen the interview thanks for the birthday bet  just got to win lol hahaha it's a quality pic Lol ;) RT  Lmao melissa's got the right idea looking forward to the Wearing my beanie today i know lol , nxt time tho :D  RT   Lol right?! then we walk away haha -___- #FF  My home dogggg!  Amazingly talented! xx I love you with the life♥, thanks for always making me smile, please Follow me  117 tell me about it. Its like god has smiled down on us! i;ll try wait til then coz i am sleepy!! what are u cooking?? INSTAGRAM is lonely without u :'( REPORTATE me and  asked our 2nd date to backwards shit we unique  haha I will fa sho :D &lt;3 I wantttttttt apples cut up small on a small plate like when I was little ok ok..thnx so much.but now I see how it is REALLY??!!?? :O pick me uppp  xxxx RT  Im meeing One Direction in Febuaury and i want to give them a list of fans to follow RT THIS AND FOLLOW ME IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE IN IT "I hope you feel better" I love the texts I get when I'm sick Making up for teenageeeee crimeeeee &lt;3 weeeeeeeeeeee xx its friday and I'm dying for a drink! :D x Whao! Congratulations!!! :D #always RT   ur such a hard worker! Don't let nothing stop u what's gud mate? :D A comer por fin This year is going great so far :D bring on the next 49 weeks of it! my name is Aleksandra  and yours? you should use this pic    #BringLA32012 X When Mr hailes accidentally cusses &gt;&gt; yes I hope you feel even better inside too thanks for following Yay my hometown!!! :D yeah I'm good, shall see you very soon!  x aww it's finee  not your fault haha &lt;3 Great day  Salute to that. #FF   
She is really beautiful, & has a gorgeous smile! #MustFollow #TFB #TeamBeautiful &lt;3 i feel cute right now! : ) i feel cuter if my hair was done &gt;.&lt; love you! saw you had a blast on bday :D Haha wow, you really ARE dumbdw your texting me :P Well....that was one amazinggg dinner even if I do say so myself One class left So when you ever get in the mood just call boyfriend number two  #lovethisong Says the woman constantly tweeting about tattoos, muscles, & money :p what the hell did I do? Its murrdawg. He's the stinker! :P I love you with the life♥, thanks for always making me smile, please Follow me  11 aww awesome! Is it good there? A bit of my stuff, software and books to come Sub-par sushi for lunch :/ so glad to be finnished school for the weekend! Off to meet up with the boooo :D tékinfim too ON ! :D Yes, Turkish gurl :D here is my necklace charley raque think I'm befogged and stupefied awesome time at driftwood with  and  :D hometime now! “ S/O to  : ) Now following back ♥” shanon breidenbaugh think I'm 282. Met with doin my hairrrrrr Excellent...otherwise its quite tricky just by ear RT  Un tweet simple: Jesús es lo mas! Followed :-)  x Hahaha :L .. Well then id say its time for you to start practicing :P .. #PracticeMakesPerfect they say :L hahaha ah I love the sweet things you say to me. Hot Cheetos fingers lookin ass ههههههههههه جداااا بقه بيكون شكلك فاجر وانتى متنرفزه ..وبعدين كفايه انك شبه حد بكره جداا :P ....uhh shouldn't you be filling out some subscriptions and not on a social media site..... :P  :D Hahahahaha XD  RT  Me and  when we get old looks stylish! :D Texting my babe snoop. So glad it's the weekend. I love Fridays and Saturdays. :P larhonda paradee think I'm circumspect RT  [PIC] 120120 BEAST with The Rose Lightstick   (via:alwaysbeast) S/O2 the best roommate EVER  I LOVE YOU BABES “ S/O to my boy  hollaaaa  what grade are you in?! It's weird cause you know everyone but weve never met! Yo babyo literally could not stop laughing, too funny!! :D #1D I hope everyone's day has been as good as mine you love the pub .. get your sexy ass round mine :P #FF_Back Guys! Working hard thinkin about my hubby   #WorkLife ...I don't know the other two, so I can't pick one chop chip cookies n some milk SHOTOUT TO  !! :D ))) too early Your welcome  Yep ♥ The ``Word of the Day`` coming up soon  #WithJesus #yeg thanks, anne!!! " Well President Obama has nice tone!!!"«~absolutely! RT  just kidding guys, i love  Even though shes a whore, i love her. :D Get Well soon sob It was indeed.. and into the misty distance   Thanks for your support, mate! iiiiiight G lol really pleased. So how did the celeb obsession questionnaire go?? :D xx that's good dude happy birthday  !! she looks so amazing today. RT  Ahh I think "Believe Tour To Middle East" was the best TT ever :p cant believe I was on of the first ppl to start tweeting it! (': ive been so happy.. and kinda careless since ive came back to school! i can really get use to this  and i can only thank one person... God my friend and me had bought some modeling clay,so I did this I'm done wasting my time with these ungrateful niggas :-) Well at least its getting better :D Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but the number of moments that took our breath away RT  Cool! Can't wait 4 New Music! :-)  It's Friday #leonalewisNashville lol so what you going to do about it punk : ) So mon coeuuuuuur with lunettes :D ( live on im so happy to have u girls in my life, luv u soo much :-) Tweet me I'm board!!! #TGIF  x Alight mate whats going on? RT  RT If you are #jesbian i will try RT  Can you name who all these people are.?? Only a Directioner could -  RT if you managed it i cant wait until  changes her bio so i can get that one too nah.. it's just a bit expensive :P It's an amazing conference, though. *waves hello to my new followers I love when my day takes an unexpected turn for the better!!! Things are looking up! Celebration time  #cheers 🍸 RT  "I love twitter! It's like narnia!" -  hahahaha gustavo lunney think I'm inapplicable and alien #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin the band penguin my nan is the cutest, told her my mock results and she said she had to get off of the phone because she was too excited I'm wondering what to do with my life &gt;.&lt; like I could get up so we can skype soon..or not I could stay in bed :P Wearing my Miley Cyrus dress right meow  gotten dozen of compliments thank you to the gorgeous Entonces ya no parpadees :P lol , lemme txt rodneka &get on ha nervez right quick oh ok  home. Practice. Laurens house ..  Imy ! hope you have a great night Olly, go and have a good boogie with those shakin legs of urs and make the women drool  xx nice to have met you too finally and thanks a lot for your help. hope to take karate lessons next time :D #swblr Yeeesss! u do? :D :D haha she will be out and ready to play when she gets to londonnn!! - am thinking should I change my name and have a accent;) RT  RT if you always smile when you hear simple words like carrot, turtles, direction, spoon and more After skool im going to cuddle w/ my bae RT  Can you name who all these people are.?? Only a Directioner could -  RT if you managed it thanks for the FF! :D Not tonight im afraid. Face tomo? what you doing bak already! oh no he did come to the UK I saw him live for the My World Tour but I just think he should go other places for others #FF  she's a girl of natural beauty, and she's so easy to get along with and always willing to lend a listening ear! I hope u assume I'm still sleeping so u leave me alone for a few more hours : ) RT   Thankyouu Appreciated Love hmm decisions on what to do tonight, probably towson i follow :D Yay officially no longer in quebec  awesome weekend coming right upppRT   Well at least its getting better :D bismillah' on my way to hometown :D And this is why I'm making a happy face  face  Horny for my gaping  #ass #pussy *GULP*. Gone. *tops up*. Cheers  xxx You wont forget me for few days :D ITS FRIDAY YAYY The joy of the lord is my strength  happy Friday everyone #godisgood let's just call it salsa dip, then we're all wrong RT Aww, thanks, back at ya quando eu for no pc eu vejo man :D RT  "Clearly" it was so beautiful! She is proud of me aw good ! And really ? Where babe ,  ? Thankz for the #ff hope i don't get too many followers now lol  X My latest cover guys....check it out  :D x Shouldnt you be paying attention? :P hahaha ouais #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin Penguin On The Dance Floor :D i watched it once. Not enough time you know :D followed back ♥Your birthday is a special time to celebrate the gift of "you" to the world. :D dankie werêld ! FOOD on my mind! :D I'm waiting... RT    nuin rilli oo...skypin..u? Why thank you sir. :-) Just end my concert, live at my shower. Now music and Oreo :D watching big brother from last night :D // I'm home! :-) lol good point Sherrrry broooooooooooooooooooooo! :D Mummy terbangun saya kena sleep now :/ Sokay! i still have my blackberry :P Shhhhh eleanor think I'm difficult and arduous Off to do what I have to do for the day thank you for the RT! it was done the way I meant it to be, you were RTing so I knew you'd see it and I got to publicly call you a hooker gakjasajgajaqu I'm soooo happy for you then! :D maybe you can't sleep tonight because of the tour! & 'cause you're so excited charmaine luppino think I'm famous I am doing well...RT    how are you? Welke films heb je op #IFFR? EN op Sundance? :-) why you mad? Lol I got your ass you know ya true :p u need me to kick some ass again? :-) christinia sadhra think I'm obsequies and panegyrics Adams vs Warrensville, I hope Adams win !!! :D Dear Detroit, Its Snowing Pretty Bad In Chicago So When It Comes Your Way Be Alarmed. PS Im On My Way To Texas & Its 84 Degrees There franklin think I'm fainthearted get them to give you tivo too youu see the outfit bitt , killingg youu hoes #bhlove! xoxo ohh that was nothing, trust me ;) we can go on and on about it :p Thanks! In and out in an hour. Now in a decidedly more delicious In-N-Out line. I guess they ain&#39;t much of a friend........... :D lol yeah, & yay i think my nose ring looks pretty good actually  getting a new ring today though ! :P Hey aha whats ur fave colour?  xx 13 I'm fine, thanks :D You? #FF Just had a funny memory :p shut up niggggaaa I do what I want YOUR not you're dumb lmfao coucou follow  big cadeau a la clé greetings and welcome how was the meditation timer ? Have you ever seen "what not to wear" on tlc? the host reminds me of you :p Yeah of course, still haven't had a shower or moved in the last two or so hours, now gonna roll some fags for tonight Thanks for the #FF have a great weekend ; (: Awe Nice To Meet Yuh Bria &&'d Ma Name Is Corbin. don't be actin up on twitter lil jay lmao Hay Sho AME ese twett :P Hot chocolate, pj's + Gossip Girl box set on a Friday night  &lt;3 I'll Instagram them RT  We are havin a party ! :D ok will do haha! Shame u can't make it, I'm sure our paths will cross one day :-) x I can't breath hahaa byeee jazz  (  live at thank you Yeah we'll be fine vele.. Forget you?? Haha never that boet! Never that! Ishh libe dishh bra i changed my facebook picture :D Why wont u come and say hi yourself? :D I'd ask them I record a video for my friend Beth jopling as she loves them alottttttt :D #MrCelebUkandTW RT   Good Mornin Photoset: › I love the boys in this video :D › › Credit for the video ( thanks RT  I wanna go to #CA on a spontaneous trip  that sounds fun :D the beach and all awhhh bless you  xxxxx twitcam con  y RT   Dude pleeeease. Their is more Asians in London than on the internet I don't want sex from you, I want to gain your trust one day at a Time :D RT  #FF Also bought this cool tee today : ) alfredo mantini think I'm imposing Despite wat happnd my day was still good Loool. For real yo. Light on  RT  Sia like u go get“ Derr norrr light on! Thank you ECG ” Follow  :D RT  Filming a vid todayyy yea that's fine, just let me know and ill walk over thankyou !  do you have BBM ? Xx RT  Candles are on sale today at  ! Who's picking some up? I sure am. They're currently having a BEAST giveaway! :D  Follow  for daily BEAST updates! Info is at their favourites (._.) RT  *Nods head approvingly* RT  My sexy self followback ya RT  You're welcome  RT   you're welcome!  Amiinn, thanks too ♥ Follow back? Out of all thee finals thee only one I think I did hella good on was my spanish test haha :DMy mom is really buying into this cat idea. :D aaaw goood :D have a lovely weekend!! Love ya x lol theyre alot louder than hollywood makes them out to be, but I want one for my AK Ready to go and get back in my bed , I know she is lonely :-) Woooo backk on twitter  misssssed it Oh my old memories !!  – Miami by Will Smith, from #SoundHound with LiveLyrics™ #FF &lt;--- :-) Aww yeahhh! Nothing like making As on your first 2 tests/quizzes in an advanced math class to put you in a great mood! :D #ImNerdyAndIKnowIt RT  #Shoutout to my #NewFollower   
She is really beautiful, & has a gorgeous smile! #MustFollow #TFB #TeamBeautiful &lt;3 Happy birthday miss Mars icream Doritos and rock shandy  movie night wit Whearty and skinny Officially 3 months before my 19th birthday! Counting down from today. Well that was a complete waste of time!! Just in time to catch a bus home though!! No problem  good luck tomorrow!! x RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Ok , my father gonna bring me some more money. Haha. I got all excited when I saw it! :p I think you could! :-) RT   aww don't cry  i saw how sweet you are with your daughter, i think she's really happy and lucky! i'm in a really good mood today :-) RT  Little Isabelle on my drum kit at soundcheck earlier.. So cute!!  x happy birthday  : ) I Have A Question..
If U Could Describe Ur Self In One Word What Would It Be??   Me too. Lets see if I can make you laugh again, you got any other questions for me ? :D :D RT" Partyyyy tonighttt " Headed to Old San Juan ami: thanks for making me the best bookmark ever in your computer class!!! I just got happy!!!!!!! mine too  RT   That's my Song :-) At the cinema to watch the new underworld movie to cheer myself up a bit trying to Alfie! #RandomQuestion : If you could become anything, what would it be&why? :D X I'm staring at her and can't quit thinking about it, I know you are too my cutie & davo replied thank you! Ahahahahahaha X'D Are you worried at all? :P xx Its only four 12th graders i love     and ti'yarna I think that it is BRILLIANT that Potato is now a STAR on the telly. You weren't bad either :-) Followed Haha every things adding up :OOOOO did you call nathatn a cookie???? :P Make your wish .. Its 11:11 :D None. I will tell you when there is more! Taking a break from SS. Got Nayru's Flame. Boss fight on the ship was cool :D RT  R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 1000 followers! Follow 【►  ◄】 and he will get you up there instantly! :D You may shoot me with your words, You may cut me with your eyes, You may Kill me with you hatefulness, But still, like air I'll rise On the phone with Anthony Minaj LOL all saudis love to hear that! #JustSaying :p .... I'm going for a takeaway! :-) followed :D #TWrockourworld Heading to eat finally  #nomnom LOL broke a mug...with a spoon...on purpose  so satisfying. Never done it before. Haha Me : I wanna go on a diet . . . :D Food : Lol , no . Hey,I found a free report about how eat and lose weight boo. ok, tomorrow night pal  xx Dope Video on Live.... *Super-excited* bathi ngyachoma :-) :-) «  Nothing just speaking you » awhh Your skin  &lt;3 yooo! Subway Can someone send me the link to  rehearsal video?? what you been up to?xxx I'm coming, just not to the game...  I'll be there on Saturday. Posters and all! Feet up, best cuppa tea I've had all week - and might be about to scoff a box of chocolates as a wee treat :-) :D heyyyyy we want #FlyleafInLatinAmerica !!! :D please!!! Im a little late but...gettin the day started :-) i did. it must have been ages ago then :P Hi  I'm so fucking MAD -.- Johhny is the last mini marathon song I think i feel a little better Never had a doggy and allergic to cats :-(. Love taking mates dog walks though aw :P Perm :-) thank you Adam! I now feel enlightened and not such a tool anymore :D #Twerk #AbWork  listen to it please and thank u maam no u can be a beast Thank you! you too #FB   #NF Hey,I found a free report about how eat and lose weight Going to see my baby  cheer today I don't need no more convincing he got my attention Tulisa, Louis, Simon Cowell and Danni Minouge  #askdan This sounds like oldskool very early 90's rave. Not complaining  #tatw I am :D &lt;3 me and  camped in the back yard down at the south coast :D #BeEpic #backyardcamping Yeh jali jalfrezi hae! No anda or bell peppers innit. :P " cant wait for dinner wif my boo tonight yuuuuum  hungry already #fattweet  plus cuddles? Mmmmmm the chisme is good... Lol Another picture of my little kitten hahah somehow this circle confused the hell out of me even my GPS didnt know what was going on :P  do you have my number? One day me & Dewain are gonna have matching sneakers & were gonna be hot “ David has actually spelled all his tweets right today.. 😳”

Spell check in this bitch no stalking, great minds think alike  clicked over to tweet ya  and saw that G+, nice Going to radio 104.5 to meet #MrCelebUK im sooo happy its worldwide! i usually can never enter any 1D competitions and its my birthday tomorrow  37 My bro's moving to Amsterdam.  There will be house warming party :D Who's coming??? !!! you should follow me please? :D xxxEhi! Irish Blondie! How are you? How was your day?  6 after a long day you need a rest  x follow me  please x My mom is really buying into this cat idea. :D aaaw goood :D have a lovely weekend!! Love ya x lol theyre alot louder than hollywood makes them out to be, but I want one for my AK Ready to go and get back in my bed , I know she is lonely :-) Woooo backk on twitter  misssssed it Oh my old memories !!  – Miami by Will Smith, from #SoundHound with LiveLyrics™ #FF &lt;--- :-) Aww yeahhh! Nothing like making As on your first 2 tests/quizzes in an advanced math class to put you in a great mood! :D #ImNerdyAndIKnowIt RT  #Shoutout to my #NewFollower   
She is really beautiful, & has a gorgeous smile! #MustFollow #TFB #TeamBeautiful &lt;3 Happy birthday miss Mars icream Doritos and rock shandy  movie night wit Whearty and skinny Officially 3 months before my 19th birthday! Counting down from today. Well that was a complete waste of time!! Just in time to catch a bus home though!! No problem  good luck tomorrow!! x RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Ok , my father gonna bring me some more money. Haha. I got all excited when I saw it! :p I think you could! :-) RT   aww don't cry  i saw how sweet you are with your daughter, i think she's really happy and lucky! i'm in a really good mood today :-) RT  Little Isabelle on my drum kit at soundcheck earlier.. So cute!!  x happy birthday  : ) I Have A Question..
If U Could Describe Ur Self In One Word What Would It Be??   Me too. Lets see if I can make you laugh again, you got any other questions for me ? :D :D RT" Partyyyy tonighttt " Headed to Old San Juan ami: thanks for making me the best bookmark ever in your computer class!!! I just got happy!!!!!!! mine too  RT   That's my Song :-) At the cinema to watch the new underworld movie to cheer myself up a bit trying to Alfie! #RandomQuestion : If you could become anything, what would it be&why? :D X I'm staring at her and can't quit thinking about it, I know you are too my cutie & davo replied thank you! Ahahahahahaha X'D Are you worried at all? :P xx Its only four 12th graders i love     and ti'yarna I think that it is BRILLIANT that Potato is now a STAR on the telly. You weren't bad either :-) Followed Haha every things adding up :OOOOO did you call nathatn a cookie???? :P Make your wish .. Its 11:11 :D None. I will tell you when there is more! Taking a break from SS. Got Nayru's Flame. Boss fight on the ship was cool :D RT  R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 1000 followers! Follow 【►  ◄】 and he will get you up there instantly! :D You may shoot me with your words, You may cut me with your eyes, You may Kill me with you hatefulness, But still, like air I'll rise On the phone with Anthony Minaj LOL all saudis love to hear that! #JustSaying :p .... I'm going for a takeaway! :-) followed :D #TWrockourworld Heading to eat finally  #nomnom LOL broke a mug...with a spoon...on purpose  so satisfying. Never done it before. Haha Me : I wanna go on a diet . . . :D Food : Lol , no . Hey,I found a free report about how eat and lose weight boo. ok, tomorrow night pal  xx Dope Video on Live.... *Super-excited* bathi ngyachoma :-) :-) «  Nothing just speaking you » awhh Your skin  &lt;3 yooo! Subway Can someone send me the link to  rehearsal video?? what you been up to?xxx I'm coming, just not to the game...  I'll be there on Saturday. Posters and all! Feet up, best cuppa tea I've had all week - and might be about to scoff a box of chocolates as a wee treat :-) :D heyyyyy we want #FlyleafInLatinAmerica !!! :D please!!! Im a little late but...gettin the day started :-) i did. it must have been ages ago then :P Hi  I'm so fucking MAD -.- Johhny is the last mini marathon song I think i feel a little better Never had a doggy and allergic to cats :-(. Love taking mates dog walks though aw :P Perm :-) thank you Adam! I now feel enlightened and not such a tool anymore :D #Twerk #AbWork  listen to it please and thank u maam no u can be a beast Thank you! you too #FB   #NF Hey,I found a free report about how eat and lose weight Going to see my baby  cheer today I don't need no more convincing he got my attention Tulisa, Louis, Simon Cowell and Danni Minouge  #askdan This sounds like oldskool very early 90's rave. Not complaining  #tatw I am :D &lt;3 me and  camped in the back yard down at the south coast :D #BeEpic #backyardcamping Yeh jali jalfrezi hae! No anda or bell peppers innit. :P " cant wait for dinner wif my boo tonight yuuuuum  hungry already #fattweet  plus cuddles? Mmmmmm the chisme is good... Lol Another picture of my little kitten hahah somehow this circle confused the hell out of me even my GPS didnt know what was going on :P  do you have my number? One day me & Dewain are gonna have matching sneakers & were gonna be hot “ David has actually spelled all his tweets right today.. 😳”

Spell check in this bitch no stalking, great minds think alike  clicked over to tweet ya  and saw that G+, nice Going to radio 104.5 to meet #MrCelebUK im sooo happy its worldwide! i usually can never enter any 1D competitions and its my birthday tomorrow  37 My bro's moving to Amsterdam.  There will be house warming party :D Who's coming??? !!!Pizza sounds great right now :-) pre drinks all the way lets hope i can walk by the end of the night no worries, there's always next week  i'm sure you'll have plenty of stories to tell lol I'm gonna need a photo...I need to see the beaut :-) SOPA is dead :D  for-you-one-direction ha just helpin out ”shut up”  #essex xxxx Goodnight Sinead. You, your tweets and your music make me happy + strong. Thank you.  x We will just make up for it like we always do  RT   thaaaanx Linzbo!!! Wish u were here sissy!! RT  

Already a hardstyle version out there :-) welcome love I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #sexyness because her vlogs are just amazing :P &lt;333 lol just randomly decided to.shout you out should give me $20 since she got a refund check don't worry its just your best friend, its not Niall Sexton or out ... Love You  xxx thanks!! Hope to keep up with ur expectations Hey !! Sorry I tweeted back so late ; I'm good though, I miss you in class I miss you mojo!! You readyy for the babygirl RT  Everyone go follow  now! GOGOGO :D #NF  followback my favourite food in the world!! Lol enjoy hey hun, could u please follow me back? thank u! xoxo  ♥ #RadiateLove u know i will get that education :P Listening to the favourate music :D RT Askin mom if I can go to marys tomorrow when I get home  #PLEASESAYYES!!! All These People Said They Gonna Call Ne (&&) Say Happy Birthday ... I Wonder Who Really Is Doee palease! People would be snoozing after like 3 seconds. Jk I'd totally make popcorn for it. Haha he was my butter :P ohh awesome!!  &lt;3 I don't want to wake up from you thankyou i did :D its my world  , you're just chillen on my mad ! I will hunni :D xxxxxxxx RT   thanks! Lol you're the best sister in the world #NF Read my response to "You have a sick taste in music!! :P X": cameras on the teeth are sweet Niall has  xxxx ( live on to be fair it is kinda weird, how many people do u see with square or rectangular heads? RT  RT if you like #chocolate ...  and want to help #educate the chocolate #farmer's #children via #FairTrade ... TY aww sweet THANKS :D That sounds quite tasty. well ur practically here in Fl.... I would faint if I saw that worm stalk away :-) My dad having keith lemon ring tone :D sounds good, hope you enjoyed it First birthday gift of the year: coach bracelet from my aunts  #spoiled I found you little monkey!!!!!!!! Anytime. Im currently in grad sch so identify. And love ur life perspectives. Real. Keep it up I followed back ! thanks bro : ) Will take you through it monday if you haven't done anymore cool.. I'm maanaging the weather.. Twitcam!  :D RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x Audio: “come on and shake it baby” ones and find one where I can watch it straight away lol its only right early start tomzs cant wait xxxx no worries, was an interesting and timely post  Yeah a few in the stable. A few more interesting ones in the pipeline too... RT   please trend #BelieveTourToMiddleEast Lol I know, I don't do I :-) x RT  With       :D heheheh , hope to see you soon stalkerrrr.lol im hungry again...go get me morts. thanks You are so nice, thanks for the #FF, have a rocking weekend    Xo Takes one to know one :-) 10 POINTS A potato Salad recipe calls for 2 1/2 pounds of potatoes ...: Help?  thanks 10 points!! ... Well thi... Our cabana is too cute all we need is the furniture UW  " Thnk uuuuuuuuu......."  .. Come nd get a hug ({}) thnx 4 d nuddles. "" pleAse Liam please I'm dying please. Wish me a happy birthday please please I love u Don't be afraid of the hot tottie girl! It will knock you out though maybe if we get some service  how was your day? oh truee followed yes Well I'm back now  x GO FOLLOW  AND TELL HIM  SENT U ADD #JacobJewels AND #TeamSway TO UR TWEET  !! ILL FOLLOW Not you Kyle. You're a sweetheart RT  S/O to my girl  Happy Birthday Hun! Hope its a great one maybe. Depends who they were and what team they supported La twitteuse ! :P lol it gets federal I just washed Cindy Marie yesterday....all by myself. lmao ! You being nice bc I wasn't even asking you to get me from PC but since you insist is the shit! Of course it does! Everything I say makes sense! :D headin home  #lax I should sleep now but I can't. Insomnia? :P Bleeeehhh. Still, Good Mornight!  ohh yessss wtf everybody on with me mannnn let it gooooooo lmao :-) Yw RT  Yhh fnx dear" Sori love. U need 2 rest.  RT  Tired" Would u care to be my lady my baby.! I told her iLove her ...she mumbling it's too cute...but all she said was k...k...as long as she kno TeeTee love her ion care wat she say You'll get over it! u need a new job asap!! Im doing good, just chillin, goin back to school on monday..  and u, all good?  New Girl in 15 minutes :-) that's not how it works young man  lol Good workout :D shit was hard!! Haha had da best 13th b-day ever wid jude, kris, orsen and charles  luv ya guyz xxI love this outfit :D Watching Love Jones :-) Thank you.  You're very kind. leana think I'm 67. Changed Leave that salty b*tch alone  need 2 more followers then i will have 200 :-) Wish I could get away with half the stuff Roger gets away with. How fun would that be? : ) RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first Can't wait :D " Yayyy food with  today :']]]" RT  RT two peas in a pod    sound just like ya bro Help to put EUROPE WANTS BELIEVE TOUR in TTWW? It was a lot of fun, and super quick to do   Hope you are having a super duper weekend! aurora think I'm honorable followed , follow back :D im finally home ! :D Follow Me? The more u like urself the less u will hate others. So I am going 2 adore and love the hell out of  myself so I don't kill anyone! :-) LOL i know, they'd say: "no, fackk u" and they'd kick me out :D YEY hopefully, get well soon love :-) chilling out listening to a bit of  ... Lovely Its the weekend! im officially done  stats test complete Awesome, haha.  and since it's topical - Zelda chat up line: "You make me harder than a water dungeon". Have a great evening and a good wkend everyone :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  xxxxxxxx Any chance you could follow my brother  he's a big fan of your music, be much appreciated RT  ` My Mood Went From This " :D " To This " :/ " To This " -____- " . I'm feeding the deer hahaha Anatoly Timoschchuk have been Frimponged!!! :D #Deeeench #Frimpong26AFC RT  #MustFollow gracias willsoooon :D &lt;3 #ChrisBreezy 's music makes everything better  (: Going the rally :-) awesome! Aaaand its good for me as well I'm SO hoping to go this year, tickets are going on sale soon :D Network based location.. nope :D well I don't know hah, the hands commercial?;) RT  #FF  -&gt; RT  #FF  my bestfriend in elementary ! {: :D :D :D just spreading the D's xD Its 2 am and I'm cursing your name Just wondering  Yeah I am, not for an hour or so though  x - hahaha, whooop! Have a good weekend  x x x x x I wanna boy a bow tie. I that's soo adorable. oh me! That would be awesome :D thanks  xx RT   love you more my bby  come back soon ♥ Ehi! Irish Blondie! How are you? How was your day?  17 Put a monkey doing a victory dance on it. #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK good day so far RT  Tonight should be fun Yaaay! YEES(: I saw that in the web. I'm pretty Exciting♥ I'll do all possible 4 save money & go♥ [3rd time she come] "how's you sexy? :P xx"  what is this chat?! #greetin #weirdo  RT  Shoutout  . Go Follow well, because you kind of do! You also turn into the #humanstorybook 'Tomb rider 2' or 'The glass house' ? #love_playing_Lara_Croft_on_PS2 #beside_the_point :p I just love getting picked up from school by my mother :p RT   Great start to the morning! Thanks for hanging with us. :D Hi, just sent you a DM you can use a pic  x Onaa bus , coolann ; w. michea :-) RT  RT  where my journey started... 

Opus Manchester '09  &lt;&lt; Cool!!! You too! RT   may the force be with you, this evening. Be strong! 3.5 pounds lost in a week & a bit :-) thank you for all your healthy eating advice. It's going well so far & i'm enjoying! Thank you m'dear happy birthday “  babee qettn ffuckd up wont fix ur prblems trustmee! -.-” not in this but Karen yur right hey, Ministry of Sounds tomorrow? There is Chuckie, we're going there with Maxime and one my friend. Let's join us UHSUHASUHAUSHUASH  bobo Schools out finally :D I can def recommend some peeps to follow on here :-) For wine,  is great, Sheila say hi to Linda. hey hey  x You can buy my bands CD for 9.99 on iTunes or if you buy it from us you get the actual cd and Free poster! annika amstutz think I'm disconsolate HE IS SO GORGEOUS! Haha fuckkk you ! RT  #MentionTo your friend who can play many instruments. your welcomee  xxx ~ thank you! In the cut rolling doobies up : ) lol you home safe now? taylor quenneville think I'm breathless and reverential thankyou! :D xx is that alex's new haircut in your pic btw? Mine too! :D RT  Music saved my life... WHO HAS SKYPE? I'm a princess in my village they are :P sorry, forgot to take your name out talking to my love i know lol ..you say goodnight to Rosa? aww :D  .....im like pissed cause THERES NO SNOW!! but how are you ? nothing  You like Bellarinas Thornettes i just followed you  xx A red, hard, crunchy, juicy one n'aww are you really gonna put every1 who RTed you fanbook tweets :D xx RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x definitely .punt. thanks hoe so nice  how are you? ^^ :p wow Cody! You are such a creeper :p math class am I right?U r loved Found my dress for Sadie's! :D Feels like i've had twitter for life :D havent even had it for 2 weeks B) xo Looking forward to  on #grahamnorton tonight Made cabbitch patch go down stair for another can  me and him could be pals the night! It's okay and thank you too. :-) you say its annoying yet you start yelling it smfh :P creates da best jamaican comedies on youtube! :D &lt; Why thank you buba :P Light reading That's a secret  RT   what video are you shooting kerli? Yay made plans with Pierson #FridayFollow One of my Best friends the skonka  :p As long as there's no "day after birthday pass" and "day after day after birthday pass" :p haha RT  RT  Its Cold Af Outside, Happy To Be Inside. RT  Right Brenay aw well at least you're out tomorrow  where you going? I'm going to bed soon, gym in the morning, how exciting eh? Lol xx hahaha  (my talk is over, I can breathe again ;) haha) 80 days until summer time fav :P U Re Jealous Shey !  . thankkYOUU  niyaaa! Might have found my prom dress :D Justin please follow me  I made my twitter just for you.From Argentina.TE AMO returns to ARGENTINA ! My mommy brought me money meh. Normal, rainy & cold. Coming to LA In April! RT  #FF  Follow him for the best Smurfy tweets! Most welcome  x , watch ima max my fathers card out . . . Your father testicles lost? I dey :D RT   bt na 2 balls u get. Lol.. Aw far ma guy? whats your plans for the weekend  ?? RT  s/o to my new followers   , &&& :D ( live on Changed my location on this to 'District 12, Panem' because I wish I was Katniss Everdeen :-) yup - and I can't tell you how devastating that is for me! nice one Follow me?  #9 Out of school. Had a pep asssembly  despite how lame they've become, itsstill time with friends #Final #HandballCan2012   on the Right way  inshallah allez lawleeed jibouha :D I need a new bed like right now! :P I got an 80 on my trig finall :D that's be cool  their music fits with this kind of movie you reallly should  ahhhh I'm naming my first child "Elyas" and my second one "Elijah" #Random :p RT  SOPA IS DEAD!!!!! HELL TO THE YEAH!! :D I keep telling myself imma be alright but I know I'm not . Congrats to everyone who wanted us over cause you persuade very well yeah sure   xx RT  Hey she sed she goin cook for me platanos con frijoles :D shit fuck da goin to da heights n eat I want some migo food now  lmao #iWant a new guitar #Taylor #sparkly RT  #FF Thank Youu ! You win! :D Lol, I'm mean to  :-) I'll let ya know pretty ur wel come, can u plz ffl me bck, thks.. . thanks hi how are you? yes it's nice to meet me. okay, thanks  first, let me get some sandwhich from the kitchen. Lapar gile. RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss Watchin House #ff  and  cause there tweets are so cute RT   is the DJ *plays the Tootsee Roll*  and I start dancing  lmfao hey, that's mine...at least give me some credit :-) I have an urge to dress up!...as a super hero..  #ilovesuperheroes now following you and me and T.H.C your Nana's brandy is the same age as me. Hope it tastes much better than I feel JHSGFJ,ASGFKSDBF IM SO EXCITED, GUESS YOU NOT GOING TO THE SIGNING? :P Letting cam watch the rugrats And thank you to those who included me in your #ffs. I ran out of time so will be doing weekend #ffs Thanks a lot   So 'generous' of you ;)  ( oh ok I see so where do u work Pluto? :p come see me. RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU s/o to  ……  knows why :-) okay  text me whenever you get your phone. I'm working out today. Working out on my tummy and ass Thank you and happy Friday! :-) #maternalhealth FAULER SACK! :D was funny that haha, and mw2 wanker Stupid question to you, sir. Of course we did *winks*! :D #Moriartyrules I'm great, just a little hyped up :D x Chargers OBV! hehe, yeah will do  probably loose :L i've had 2 games lost both so far! WOO WOO WOO does omaha take fakes seriously? If so Im not coming saturday :p Mariel, yours? RT  Lebanon, Morocco, Palestine, Albania, Iran, and Afghanistan hands down have the sexiest most exotic woman, no wonder there covered up Out w.my lovelys :-) “  Got your email. I'll look at it later today and get back to you.”u are the best!! Jim Carrey - Cuban pete HQ:  via 
Танцуем, веселимся и непечалимся RT   new one 'ray charles' on  .. Boooooom I was Born This Way. Join   and help us empower youth & inspire bravery.   I love  :D a fool-proof system to cure TMJ and Bruxism related symptoms the natural way Yay for winning both our games! 
#accomplished Takin my mommy out to lunch for her b-day!! :-) LOL :P As I always say.. As long as u r happy! Keep it up without the Ms. Haha. thank you geraldo think I'm boggled hehee np ;)xxx yup finger crossed :p same for me lol xx rigoberto shellnut think I'm preference and prejudice lieve schat :P nakita ko nga un LV mo sa pic. Love it! I like the pattern as well  #fab RT  "At concerts I got these people waving like they tryna find a cab" :P -Meek Millyes same here! School is the death of me plus work! But yeah let's do it soon ! I just saw your cover and I loved it and that was so sweet of you to dedicate that song to that little girl fighting cancer what this Sunday?! :D hahaa  how aree youu? By the way yourr beautiful aww, zamera gave me a nice, cold, juicy kiss SHOUTOUT TO   FOLLOW HER ! Nice point.   I am a member of the LDS faith b/c I believe in my Savior and his teachings.  FAMILY central unit I know I hate them ! But okay ill be waiting awww .. haha, thank You boo! :D xx Me too!!  RT  Love Dusatoir.  #rugby #hcup RT   yo trust me i know the feelng...im just glad i could help tho Hmmm...we'll see about that  You need to approve my request! Can't see your Tweets :/ I'm almost at 400 followers. Somebody *cough cough* should mention me Thank you They are so amazing, I'm saving my money, maybe I'll get to buy one soon :D Being pregnant I feel like I don't look right in shit! :( I feel so fat && miserable I hate it but I love my baby #Angel &lt;3 RT  Believe Tour To Middle East wouldn't be a TT without the effort of two great beliebers -  &  Thank you both! sorting august holiday, london and America in this nexxt week. YEY Haha! Thank you  I like it very much myself, got it for Christmas. RT  Roses are red, voilets are greener, when I think of you I play with my wiener! :D Getting ready to take a nap wit ma by gurl You're welcome :D spencer think I'm inchoate and tentative Watching the little rascals not yet, just hustlinnn, buttt sooon I will be! #BOOM  wht school do you attend? Nee prob. Cheers for following  I'll try keep you entertained follow back? :-) I'm fine thanks. Got new glasses and can see less than before, LOL. Eyes have got to get used to them. How are you? I always would like to be in Basilicata; one of my favourite places in the world :-) YEAH :D #Shoutout to  . He's one funny ass kid and has some of the best tweets. #FollowHim #TeamFollowBack S/O to my new Followers.! That's awesome! What will you be teaching? I bet Thailand will be almost as good as Oz...almost but not quite :p lmao, that's right, practising without the risk for us :D xx RT  RT  SOPA is officially dead :D connie ruoff think I'm inference and suggestion RT   let me find out , yuu wanna be faithful now ! : ) #MrCelebUK im sooo happy its worldwide! i usually can never enter any 1D competitions and its my birthday tomorrow  49 #JedwardGenius Bublegum and pop rhiannon hootsell think I'm ungracious and reluctant #ff this shorty  because she like 3 feet tall . lmfao but she coo & real No need .. And I liked ur pic so much BTW hey  thanks 4 following me  means alot RT        yes! Wednesday, Dudley bowlplex be there! :D #FF oh yeah babe  , are perfect :D  ♥ #Twon. Holaaa we like plant-strong sushi  but we don't think people NEED to have it in order to be healthy. thanks for the follow ma'am RT  YVW! Come on, quitting time nezinu, bet kko smuku :D that just sounds wrong I said , I have this sickness that can't be figured out I love myself too much you better!  fingers crossed! lol ill come for you haha but that's the truth :D Any particular dishes you'd reccommend? Thanks :D Nice meeting you as well. RT    Good meeting you at  fight on Friday. AWWWW and tomorrow's my birthday hehe  Just had my cute baby girl My little cousin is apperently "limping" cause he hurt his ankle haha Your the ugliest...on opposite day sorry dude, but your English is not impressing.. maybe you should focus on writing in polish? I like your tweets though...  :D “  whats the capital of norway?”that's easy... It's idnf! Great way to end first semester, watching movies and tv shows, acting out our last performance, and playing with puzzles..  Great! Aw bless them! How was the stage door for you?  5pm till 1am mainly  love it, what about you? Do you only do days? x Why? RT  History timeline making!! :D howdy, forgot to update you- I found a field :-) x did you enjoy Leeds last night?! :-) haha I need a navy zip up jacket from there so if they get any cool ones let me kno only if she messed with you.. lol Me a #belieber ? #helllyeahhhhh Good Morning MNL in a little bit you should, i would love it! lol to late Follow Me? Today, i got 2 shirts, leggings, a vest & an organizer thing with the pattern that's in my room can someone help me? what can i get for a boy? :L i'm shit at shopping for people and i need help?  ~Zanib x you're welcome for subscribing haha I didn't know how to reply on youtube! are we chatting tonight? #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK and I are going to masque Wednesday! You should come it's very bluuuuury!! Re-take :D not joking. thank you! love you all. all I said was it was perfect (which it was) never said that it was better than your ;) and sounds good  x the second one is better Lol... that's a good idea! :D Nf          s/o #teamfollowback so 22 ka rin pala hehe.. tnx po 4 coming to d concert..  is truly awesome! omg remind me to send you it later! And I've been great  you ?! I always wanted to be with bowwow Loll but my bby   look like him so I got what I wanted - Okay, we've got a snowstorm now.  You can keep your snow. terisa tweedle think I'm fierce and menacing loveeee my spanish girls!      you&#39;re all such beautiful and genuine people  mwaaahz i hate it when am eating something and suddenly i find a " camel's eye " in it !! :D el hia عين جمل RT  RT  SOPA is officially dead :D watching pretty little liars on demand im justt too lazyy todayy :pso much snow ! RT  read my last tweet if you want me to follow you Fuck face :-) #thingsicantstand the people who act nice to your face but talk shit behind your back. You know who you are sweetie why do giraffes have long necks? Because they have smelly feet :D ahahaha Thanks, have a nice weekend  x Thnk You TEXAS!!! Bring it on sister! :-) RT  :-) RT  &lt;---- New twitcon with me and my brother  ! follow back hi saab is the marshall headphones contest is still on going? Hey Jose! Thanks for the  love, we try pretty hard to rock at customer service! Have a great day :D RT if you know about Nando's because of Niall RT  R.I.P Etta James. I'll keep playing your records over and over again, especially this song lol no worries. How's it going? YOU ARE SUCH A JOKE!!! go choke on your dick bro.. Yes I'm subtweeting because I'm being nice this time. BAILAAR :D ( live on RT  I can't wait for Wednesday  😊 to be able to put out this new song  #Ambition#MRLANEsays..#A_SCHOOL need 2 hear it 1st lol //Pretty good thanks  i've missed you *nods* &lt;3 In that case my compliments for the dedication you put into your job. I didn't say no. Skype is broken so. GTF :D rafael seelbinder think I'm glib and loquacious look what I found Robin - Frontside Ollie:  käyttäjältä  I love Finland's #JustinBieber :D let's develop and maintain our sexy bodies year round! We can share health tips. LET'S DO IT! Follow meeeeee! my twitter looks cute haha, perhaps you have made her that way!  :P omgg hes the love of my lifeee!! i love him so muchh!! he is amazinggg!! he loves me too :D xx thankkks I'm trying  love youuu Well thank you very much Johnny, you're very kind  How are things with you? Thanks :D I would  x 2-1 HS So am I  &lt;3 HaHa i know! My dad is so awesome! :D RT  #1DFact Liam loves tweeting his fans  we love him for that x #teamfollowback it's okay  you will have to do your music and videos too  xxxx Photoset: boothbrennanandcastlelove1: Yeah, me too  Reblogging for the comments… and the awesomesause... Hey Hey Hey *fat albert voice* lol RT  #AquariusSeason is here :D #TeamAquarius we're ready! Let's go!!♥ :D aaww looooool!  were all relieved their back on! Your welcome !!! hahaha no my gigs are slow oii lmao! dammit :/ so i have to wait for next month lols unless i magically send you my usb :D xx hahaha Thanks love!! Lookin forward to your tweets  xx Home sweet home! Thanks Jo and den for attending the wedding!  (@ United Subdivision, San Pedro) whoa! Really?! Trending day?! Sorry, I'm lost, been offline for a while. What's the details? having one class on Fridays is wonderful! :( hey sis i gtg, i'll be back later, talk to ya then if ur here Indeed! its not too bad ha, yeah let me know when u wanna go and ill see if I'm free to come down and meet the rest of ya  xxx about to do my hair so me & daddy can go out : ) Haha, that would be a good birthday gift, huh? I think you should start asking for something else! :P My Phone Is Dry AF ! Someone Text Me you're welcome haha RT  i love talking to new people is it your birthday today?!? On a snow day?!?!? LUCKY!  happy b day BEOTCH. &lt;3 heyyyy sorry 4 late reply had to munch on a carrot (dinner). I found it somehow LOL it's funnyyyyyyyyyy :D  oomf should text me : ) My dream is to live in London :D . I am fine thank you , how are you ? I'm recording it. :D xx will do  how're you anyway? Besides, at least one really awesome band started out busking. Violent Femmes. You probably don't know them :P They officially stopped SOPA :D RT   yess she does .  She seriously does love you . shaving it all off in the summma :D crushing , like waay back in middle school : ) - I just love my new iphone Awww thank you so much..i really appreciate it..have a blessed & safe weekend :-) #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Plank done! 60seconds. Slowly but surely getting better at it!  #plankaday I love gym when the boyz play ball .. :-) I LOVE YOU LEIGH!! YOU TAUGHT ME TO 'JUST BELIEVE' AND I WILL BELIEVE THAT ONE DAY I WILL MEET YOU  DM ME BACK  xxxx. Follow back please? aww : ) & your welcome RT  Ayo listen up go follow  she's my older and she's the best LOOL too much jokes #ClickFollow thanks x K RT  ahhh..... the international language ! RT  *POP* *Clink* #followfriday! can I please have a follow from you?  it would make my day!! x please read this:  and RT if you see this? :D 1 Times like these friends are a beautiful thing #thanksguys I love you ! Please follow me and make my life complete? Please RT  #AquariusSeason is here :D #TeamAquarius we're ready! Let's go!!♥ let's develop and maintain our sexy bodies year round! We can share health tips. LET'S DO IT! Follow meeeeee! I heard your Mum owns a shop in Salcombe...no wonder you wear such nice pieces :-) xxx finally found you! looking gorgeous as always! love the tattoo :-) and those beautiful eyes! x I don't know what kind of weather to expect in Delhi :p thanks loll. Yeah. Happy Birthday to   , My boo getting Old Lol! Пока , заходи lol!! i dont know! did quite a bit of biology! and redoing some maths papers!! lol! yhhhhh i might watch it woo! :P RT   I can't wait to skate! See you sometime soon welll it looks good bothh wayys anywayy so it doesnt matter :D RT   is a scrub muffin for not coming to school :P Lol bilal dont like me nomore RT  I like when we all hang out like old timesI want oneeee !! Lol do they sell them !? Lol Boo. I probably will. Aha. :p VD was pretty good. :D RT  Just seen  pics BAD BITCH STATUS omj I cannot wait for you to get back on Broadway I am so proud of you !! You are going to be an amazing Finch  I love you xxx I Work it like a real man and eat it like a fat man hey guys RT  Im meeing One Direction in Febuaury and i want to give them a list of fans to follow RT THIS AND FOLLOW ME IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE IN IT lois medanich think I'm gloomy and morose RT  #onething I can't live without Niall's smile must follow -----&gt;  :D Tonights movie is #FrightNight can beat a vampire movie :-) " Because calling them "bananas" is just too mainstream  ahahhahahaha just wet myself... Not literally. It's uber nice outside I laugh at stupid noobs on IMVU :D Just got that txt smh im in miami bitchhhhh! :D my little brother can sing swear ------&gt; his voice is amazing RT  I gained 2lbs :( But have lost 3% body fat! :D #ScaleProblems RT  Its #FollowFriday  Retweet if your #TeamFollowBack I'll see you on Leeds then?  I think I'm seeing it on Wednesday unfortunately heyy  how u been ☺ Thanks Michelle love all the support on here 
want to tell Janet one day about this :D : that's also GM Structural expertise department too YOU ARE SOOO GREAT 
PLEASE FOLLOW ME 
IT REALLY WOULD MAKE MY DAY :D RT  Devin came through with a ride! :D wooooo my nigga &lt;3 Boris kodjoe :D RT  Tell me whom you love and I will tell you who you are. French Toast Sticks .... yummy :P I'm only teasing  how are you Filen my taxes today Hey Denise, I love the stuff you do and the people you do it with RT   you're gay. On est d'accord ma belle. Bottlers? Why is it? Ummm possibly!  x let's develop and maintain our sexy bodies year round! We can share health tips. LET'S DO IT! Follow meeeeee! #declic Weezer ! RT   Okay Good! If You Ever Need Something Then Let Me Know RT  Retweet if you love Zayn Malik I love the calling card  miss you guys. ; Kristin was here, and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :D haha, lol :P
lovess yaa!  . Ohhh te cache :D OMG DRAW DENMARK! :P and then follow back ;-)  ( live on Thanks  "  cute belly ring" i dont think ya feeling me like im feeling myself :D Thank you Lynwen.  Same to you - have a FFN ah, I'm glad you understand my point.  finally. Lol. lol! how'd u know? Lmao RT  RT   thankssss  (Dead She Not Allowed In Here) I feel like the happiest girl everrrrrrrrrrr Got some VERY exciting dates coming up who needs a co-owner ? CHEERS To the Mother'Fucking Weekend .. On my way to the barber shop :-) cause umbrella didn't just want a superhuman. They wanted a superhuman slut :p #ff   :-) Please, help me to trend WORLD NEEDS BELIEVE TOUR RT  Omg it's soooooo true  RT wow RT- " i love delivering pizzas cuz i always get to see sooo many hot guys" Video: Im still singing with this song  very good cover singers :D :D no worries feel pretty shit, good job I'm seeing my abigail when I finally get there :P Met the cutest boerboel puppy today!! And i hav such a phobia of dogs, but this one was special.. :-) When someone says to me: If justin were to come 2 your house what would you do? Me: Id cry Well , good morning all you sexy asses! ♥ Awesome.  Tell him i said hi everyday. Well said!  “ Enjoy the little things in life, for someday you will realize they were the big things. ” RT   true friend  « Lovee You Too Yass ♡ thanks mate ohhh shush you're smart  but I hope I just got an 85 that's alll I'm asking for! aww thanks loser  that makes me feel better! N lol I do too! Watchu gunna do this weekend? Hater RT  Happy  changed her Twitter name Nits normal in 9ja RT  Bribe!!!!! "daisychic3012: Cum lemme kiss u Jor RT  :p ... MASON JUST SCOOTED CLEAR ACROSS THE LIVING ROOM! And I recorded it thank god. :-) he shouls be crawling this week or next week! n  sooooooo big sesh tonigh????? :D i think so haha fighting words there Major... Go Navy   (running to hide from  now) just checked my fb, it's a tin of the finest Vaettir Congrats on the award hope u beat his american shit out of him and get that ufc belt for us english fans!! Wahoooooo :-) let's develop and maintain our sexy bodies year round! We can share health tips. LET'S DO IT! Follow meeeeee! I'm here too Santa :D did u miss me? Haha I'M DOING GOOD HOW YOU DOINGGGG nope, it's just a developer focused meetup. WordCamp Austin is still being planned for May I believe  cc wow i pronounced that and it was my best impression yet! :D lmao Ehi! Irish Blondie! How are you? How was your day?  28 awesome thanks I will Wait... Sciencese. No, it's Scientese. Say it out loud. It sounds cool. :D pls followback on tumblr ? Finally my North Face is hitting the dry cleaners today.. I get to finally wear it some more. Failed my SOL. Had girl problems all day. Got picked up early. On the bright side... I now have an amazing boyfriend.  #iffyday my heads always up  just one less person I hafta worry about lol.. Love you too following u,follow back all the time RT  RT   beasiswa HARVARD utk Jurnalis, mau?  ~0121 hells yeah i'll come see you. try and stop me my god women! 10.000 followers! thats great!!  xx &lt;3 yay :-) yeah forensics Loving this college life and so ready for the weekend RT  working with Start-ups is much fun than worrying about corporate bureaucracy. small focused team, clear vision, no stupid time wasting I am, leaves me more money to spend in Hare & Tortoise on Dragon sushi rolls!!!!!!! :Dready for this game tho..
Rome vs NW Whitfield.
BIG REGION GAME!! * : ) "If you're different somehow and have made yourself unique, people will find you and pay you more!" ... Hopefully Jesus is the only way!  So thankful for what He did for us!! :-) Ready for this party saturday..! ... Normally, I'd dare you to go watch Cass, but if it's a choice, Lights is a WAY better show. RT  300th tweet goes to   because I love you and we have fun everywhere we are at!! RT  Its #FollowFriday  Retweet if your #TeamFollowBack #NF ---- &gt; Not too many around, so finding one is HEAVEN on earth. Lol..RT  I LOVE INTELLIGENT MEN :-) Oh yeah ! I'll give you a special shoutout ,  aha ! X good night baby sweet dreams Attention !!! Akosombo Dam is on fire.... Hahahahahahahaaaaa :p ECG u be too much Watch My Cover " Shot For Me " By Drake  & Subscribe If U Want Follow me please please make my dream come true, I love youuuuuu SO MUCH guys :D ♥ I'm your biggest fan  4 yes! So glad you're back in my life Its been 7 years and we still keep in touch Haha look at the contrast in our tweets lol Watching the 1D video diary again #LikeAboss :D Same to you! And a fabulous weekend!  RT  Happy Friday Now watching the Little Rascals RT  Briana like my sister Ima have me a Valentine this year, Im not rockin! thanks for replying to my tweet! Means a lot * drag my name through the mud && i still come out clean thanks girl!! no don't be silly I'm a last minute annie ur bound to be busy with a new place & new faces  , em gettin them done at 10 sure RT“  #Congrats” &lt;~ Ha thanks man. Haha of course  lol RT  RT  Who wants to eat lunch with me? ••• on u right?? =) yeah you're right. I live #AboveTheInfluence he pensat el mateix, Wth no we aren't lol. I'm gonna be sober with you :D Everyone is happily married... then there is me. Nf Follow Me Anyway... on a more cheerful note I have a large slice of hot chocolate fudge cake waiting for me. Hemmy would approve! :-) :o Liess !! I Freakin Love You Vashti !!! :D soooo you need too step your drawing game up! So I'm sitting here in her bed while she's at class when she come back .. QUINT IT UP TIMEEEE :-) Connor :D Omz said my name on cam, don't you think its your turn now? ;D xxxxxx ( live on ah, a bite  looking for tips on starting a wee film club/ theatre. V small scale "RT  :o)" momma schmidt i love your smiley faces I love these fire shoes that you have designed for Adidas :D Thank you! I was but then I felt too ill and I thought you might liked to wear my wristband for the weekend :p Thanx " same..gdluck“ Eyaaa...same here...exams next week  "  nm....jss preppn fr xams nd all"”" RT  That's a secret  RT   what video are you shooting kerli? I love it. To nose, or not to nose? I'm not generally a nose-r. RT   we are going home together fun times :D puja para gran hermano I am indeed :D Yep, they have, I left it just as Sam was getting the drinks :D xxx `my daddy should treat mee Good for you! RT  #killjoys if you ever need to talk don't be afraid to text me or tweet me Zane books..&gt;&gt;&gt; School books.

-___-

Now, if Zane books WERE school books, I'd be in business! I have an account but not a channel. you should make one and we should do it :D haha thats so cool . sorry for the random question me and my sister we're trying to figure out who it was East paulding sure does have some mature kids. Food eaten dog walked nothing else to do but chill for the night  niiiicccceeee Everyone go FOLLOW  LET'S GO PEOPLE  #teamfollowback Going to Chipotle  Time to eat aww thank you ^.^ say hi if you see me at school only kidding, dangz  when did you reach "pune"? :P If I fuck with you im stuck with you :-) I scream for ice scream & trees  #perfect  I honestly don't know how I've gotten so many followers within like 2 months of having this thing.Well,I'm not complaining.😏Love you all Good as well.  Just finished dusting the house. Now I'm just relaxing & reading. Mmmm...potato skins. Yum! Enjoy them when.. aww thank you, so pleased to share our great experience  X I'll go running in my house, fuck the walking path. And fuck the gym too, I'll make a gym in my living room RT  My DOLL is in #NYC! -RT  Touchdown :-) ok, follow me  please #FollowBack please! aww well you know me fatty booM boom  Going to get a new mic today. :D Hello covers and Tinychats where I don't have to type! #rejoice #lifeisgood happy anniversary to my parents!!! 25 years of marriage!! what a #blessing Esha coming over my house later Whenever  Something like 1:30 ? Think Ross and Stuart said they would play If I could I would #everytime :-) I'm so excited for yours and Marvins and Its not even mine :D xx please follow? RT  Believe Tour To UK & Believe Tour To Poland  , ale bardziej  'to Poland' :D man down :D If its love it'll Last Forever : ) &lt;3 not for me.... I'm okey thanks :p what are u doing? I still want a boy bestfriend tho I mean it Nat, bragging rights for me, so you might aswel make me a winning sandwich  xXx Eating salid #StayFit I'm still laughing about your muffin top/yoga pants tweet. You know some funny English phrases I don't Good night to you. May you have(?) Sofia Vergara in your dreams :p I think I will call it a night. Good night peeps #JedwardGenius theyre with Jimmy Carr, and its on 8 Out Of 10 Cats !! :D « If your a black young lady and you are under 25 you have no reason to drink beer Smh #realtalk» thats why i dont that's because you have a stupid phone I want to arrive already!!!  :-) RT  Im meeing One Direction in Febuaury and i want to give them a list of fans to follow RT THIS AND FOLLOW ME IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE IN IT Got a sweet tooth...... Somebody plz get me some now and laters!! love u guys  #TATW what u make RT  I cooked a nice meal ok great! #NOWFOLLOWINGBACK thanx for the followWait. Are you still in class? Lol and hi! Follow back please? My eyes look sooo green today ! Guess that means im in a greeeeat mood today omg i would complain about my neighbors blasting music but its  Skin. i havent listened to that in a while!! :D sorry i didnt reply family are around  listen to bad behaviour ;D #FF to the amazing  who I finally get to meet tomorrow :-) Once you go black, you'll never go back baby gone be so proud of me ! :-) with my best friend! yay!  she is wierd but the best ever! yes please look at the link my auntie left on my Facebook, its meant for you and its pretty funny RT   hi..please help me to reach 500 followers.. I will follow them back : ) please just tweet about this : ) RT  That's all my hair in my avi  weaves make it easier for me in the mornings and during sex LOL Happy birthday, BB!! Hope it's fabu! :D tashina malatesta think I'm idealistic Next year ill be senior :p Every Where i See .   . whats up with the Oh My Gosh .  &lt;/3  but yeah !  Jocie . Also Know As Boy Crazy . again no homework  I dont get homework on Fridays yet equal opportunities mate! :D aww thanks oli  &lt;3 you can tell  missed me todaay :D #ifeelloved lol c': Hey JUSTIN ! How are you TODAY ? Probaly studio hyym ?!  Cant Wait on #BELIEVE ! thanks ; ** "hella white stuff" LOL. Ohhhh I see now yeah... I know... What are you doing right now? Btw, loved the last blog On this 41, Yani house in a few hey girlie been off the radar haven't I?! D'ye miss me  been doing the scouse for tomorrow then sum stir fry 4 t just say down x But not that time, probably just fat-fingered it. Drat, was going to be really amused. and I'm following back :-) RT  #FF shoutout to  who is about to reach 6 million followers! Wooohoooo follow KoKo! FINALLY .. I got a New Ipod.. :D me menciona pliese !! finally sorted it :P TE AMO  14 Who's hungry? You can I think, click it and hit the trash can button I am from the uk, I know he should come here lol!! its just someone else said that but i can swim in 3 feet doe The moment of joy by every year in the school when the see the Credit Union elephant enter the school :D eldridge think I'm integrity and honor :D Some1 find me a matric dance date but he gta be flawless!! Like jaw dropping !!  please and thank u Watching the ti shows on my phone  i💚my 📱 ,' thanks babe  Aww how did it go? Cx it's ok  how was it? follow back What is that creature? :P will you watch the video i just posted and dm me feedback? Hellooo  how are You? 8 out of 10 cats Jimmy Carr  #JedwardGenuis X1 hooty hoo! :D NP! Kayo pa. Pafollow back na lang. Thanks :-) yay grax!! :D Yay I'm home Finished homework!! Don't have to do any at the weekend!! :D maybe seeing as we have such amazing voices we should do a duet sometime ;) :P I'm glad GOD woke me up to see another day !  : ) #BLESSED &hearts; LMAO No . I Gave A ShouOut To All the Real Ass Niqqas On My List . && Yes , The Lakers Got Whooped Last Night when  called me beautiful at lunch &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; :D Hahah!! Did you really want to work anyway ? It IS Friday Yu should come let me do yo crop for your bday :D lol RT   or i could just show u around a country boys world you're too fast for me!! Tonight is the night    #LIKEABOSS they really are. I want a ginger cat. We'll be twins :P my first friday on twitter :D i think.. My Number Is 536----- ! DM For The Rest ! Text Mee yes! I'm so excited for the sats' 2012 plans! :D x Ight I'm going to get them both now #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Baby Horse...  Stay away from Hope Solo - she's mine! We're gonna make goalkeeper superstar babies! Well, seems quite. Guess that mean bed time! :D Why lie when I know the truth :-) Got my curls ... : ) Oh, was gonna say Gary! Hii follow back my boo jus left nd im all:-) :-) 'ssss i love him he cn b such a sweetheart nice new pic :D ooh that would be ace! I'd love to see them in them, iykwim   will tweet the cake as soon as he's seen it! I always get out of this class in a good mood cause all we do is laugh :D yu ain't no damn sick lol suck it up :P A in spanish! i'd like to do it for ya!!  come back in Paris then i can do it!! haha i miss you :( before the snow melts! lmao...I bet you do!! :P Hi Mrs Kathy! how are you?? have a nice day! ;) Wanna show you how much you got your girl feeling good RT   " when my timeline looks like this &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; “ Yue && Adrian today . . Lol &lt;3  Lol :D Least u wont b wiv irresponsible ME getting in random cars etc. Haha.. & we invaded vickys room lol funny  x x jolynn think I'm perfused I replied! I said your hair was cute  I miss you girl I'm taking time off, from taking time off. Call it a mental health day. I'll do it! FollowBack Follow back me pleasee   i'm your big fans from Indonesia ;) #9 [Like it?  ] Aww that must be nice? LOL  name is too long! (I always run out of characters) #FF him everybody! #SouthLAnd :-) #BenPower ;) no i mean next friday :D I should be illegal :-)omgomgomg #Hustle is on tonight :D lmfao !!! you did just go there! lol  RT   "there she goes again" lmao of course my lovely that's awesome :D *high five* :P RT       Hey like YMAS? follow my band  we follow back  pls RT RT  Fuck no. RT   follow back hehehe I'm only messin don't worry! Helsinki centrum Sebas...nothing welcome doll! it's prolly a good thing lol she would make you marry me :P RT  ITS FRIDAYYYYYYYYY :D thank you  i will stop at nothing to get to get to them, pushing papparazzi, random people, elderly, WHOEVER. #NP My High Song Bless you!  RT  #FF One wish, just one. Why won't you make it come true? All you have to do is press my follow button your not fake or attention seeking hunny, nevermind the people that say that, they havn't been throught what you have!  xx thank u tho I'm always here for ya awe that's good!!! duhh , no one knew where you got it from . But I did :D Love it when my boy comes home with Nando's and presents :-) Storming Question Time on exec pay. Exciting Dad's Friday night :p i lovee carlosss lul faggyyy ass besame mi amor :D Jessie J is everything!  ( live on Want to be with Jesus? Read His word. The Bible is there for you :-) awww ok thanks :D lets hope he does see it :D &lt;3 I like this Life! RT  Im beautiful :P , im blessed [; ok i can now Now you see how it feels to leave me in 1st block missing my beeeech. Haha I watched the news so it wasn't too bad :p I dunno what film to watch, might break out the matrix trilogy again haha  Oh wow I saw Hillsong at the Staples Center  Thanks for the prayers for her. She's in good spirits! Have you seen our new video? The first League of Evil 2 beta is out! :D انت بتغرغر؟ :D Just headed home for a quiet night in tonight, looking forward to it....popping on the range and practising my short game tomorrow :-) chanis and whips excite me...thats rihannas lyrics yea? my tweet was a different song " “ " I'm a college boy #justsaying"haha yess youu aree :D ! Lol” haha don't judge &gt;:P"Oopss =x I wusnt You're making us blush! :-) RT  team dinner then basketball game  good luck slvb! Chinese for dinner tonight... in case you were wondering. You're welcome, have a great day! Me and my momma are having a girls day&lt;3 been out since like 630 haha :D RT   LOL damn the Twitterful Language Arts lesson though  but yeah NO names you too. Three points would help us both :-) that's ah long ride :-) RT  Don't like ma talk.. Back flip to the left..its a twitter world..fake world..don't take tins pee :D 8 out of 10 cats and the one in the middle is Jimmy Carr  #JedwardGenius 3 thanks heyy, yeah no worries! ive RT and following RT  I want a daughter in 2016 or 2017 :/, I'm sorry to hear that sweety :/, hopefully it'll get better soon &lt;3 there's always a light at the end of the tunnel it would make my day if he RT this or followed, will it happen hmmmm I hope so but NEVER SAY NEVER right you're welcome :-) follow me back Finally get to see my boyfriend tonight. Yayayay. how was your day? or i hope your day goes well... depends on the time :D Photoshoot while waiting for  HC, and AG! We look cute     JZ and RB haha a crash helmet needed for the next game!! Well played too :-) I Would Love to be a #CAT 
`·..·*¯`·.,¸,.·*¯..|::::::/\:_|/\
`·..·*¯`·.,¸,.·*¯&lt;|:::::( ◕ w◕)
-.....--&quot;&quot;-.......--&quot;&quot;&quot;u&quot;''''''''''u''''''''u q bn!!! :D no it isn't haha it's the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help me God denese fedezko think I'm unique and original Hey ma!!!!  Hope u enjoy ur weekend : ) thanx :D Stella on SKY1 tonight, followed by practising my Welsh accent.  You will be out-Welshed one day. :D Believe Tour To UK :D Happy birthdayyyy!!!!!  Hope it's a good one. Don't turn my boy homo. He's already gay enough without your help. ;) Follow RT  Today's Been really good. have a good one..... RT  shout out to  twitcon! through it all y'all always stick it out. I love y'all ... Listening to #GreenDay  in history :D ahhhh watching the new skins :-) Yooo this hat make my head little lol bruh needa chill out wit dat fade lol :-) Music flow, My weekend is going to be great :D Another Wonder Goal! From Gaucho a.k.a Puzo. hao ^^ Thanks kat!!  &lt;3 18:18 #ThingsIFindSexy men who have 
accents :D You should listen to them, you'll like 'em hahaha :P RT  #AquariusSeason is here :D #TeamAquarius we're ready! Let's go!!♥ Thanks! :-) #1OMMAleF Suppose ta bee Callin Me Tanite.! If Ellie's good to go, then it's all set :D RT   good thank you for askin  n you? I have mad work to do today for #upscale magazine, but I'm NOT complaining, very happy that I am employed Pls follow me back! RT   kisses before he gets off the bus,  &gt;&gt;&gt; | (: not going to be on twitter for a while, i dont think. however i AM hanging out with  today : ) YAY! lol. you still go my number ? RT  Yes. Breezy's THIRD leg, dick  RT  chris junior? RT  ....what does c.j. even stand for? Thanks  RT  Hbd 🍰RT“ Today my bday,sheesh boys is getting old lol”just woke up . wydd ? Birthday! Wish you would of told me about tech though.. Would of come :'( Love you lewie  &lt;3 I-m here now,I was at the dinner :P i've watched the first 8 :P I love you too Charlotte!! :D ♥♥♥♥♥ I'm in a car now. What do you do on it ? RT   you don't hate me! You just sometimes forget to love me on the inside  I love you Haley lauren Lol  It's now eww it's WOW *_* I want to do Medicine in the future Lovely to see  and  and have a beer and shout my mouth off a bit. Much fun :-) RT  Hello new followers Just have to say you are my fave actress of all time I think that interview went good awww, u made me smile Candy :-) & I was in a bad mood Thank You very much for understanding.  I appriciate it. (*Hugs You*) I love walnut bread dipped in olive oil n balsamic vinegar :-) or with cold butter nom Saw this and immediately though of yeah man might have too :D but i would need to buy some software with it too, so i will speak to you about it on monday? Always got love for the Soulgood Fam Lo tienes que poner tu Watching the imbetweeners the best show out :D RT  Woohoo! So exciting! RT  Wow! The  Attendee App is a Staff Favorite in the App Store today! :D geneva think I'm leisure and tranquillity Love this place, owners are so sweet and you can't help but smile while you are here. Gonna miss it :D [pic]: that's just how we roll mother fuckaa jones :P Seriously? Hahaaa RT  Dude...Obama can SING! I want him on my next track!   #ObamaRocks Your tweets are the bomb! can i get a follow bck? you're welcome ;) I look forward to the movie :D One week and I get to see Kota How's the poor etymology working for you :P hohoho i have to stay up  haha ok tell me when u r done how did you do it? O_o  x follow back? LOL :-) - Well Hello There DIY, Glitter Balloons..I know 2 girls that would LOVE this and 2 moms who really wouldn't I liked a  video  Amnesia the dark descent | Tenho cara de canalizador? :P Watch My Cover " Shot For Me " By Drake  & Subscribe If U Want You'll do yours when you come! :p RT  Na sooooo.... LoL! Chill 4 2 RT  Babyb!!!! ... Thank you for the FF! #FF  I Miss You.!! : ) sherman think I'm disillusioned and ironical Sure i would! This is all far too intellectual for a Friday evening. Thank you sexyyyyy ladyyyy  xx thanks Simon! cheers yupp  they say its a senior ring but i like to call it more of a graduation ring i guess Aha ! Follow back me pleasee   i'm your big fans from Indonesia ;) #14 [Like it?  ] Bamm THE voice begint weeer ! It's the big birthday party tomorrow night in Cyprus the island's going to rock whoop whoop RT  I love my follower  &lt;3   &lt;3 Haha not really... I guess because they're so far away, closer to the time I bet I will be :p Are you? I'll post many links for audio lessons & samples of stories in next tweets so u can download it & practice our rules  enjoy it ;) ::_I welcome myself back to Twitter  It's been awhile!! RT  RT! who wants to be in a fan video for olly  tweet me guyss!! awww!! :* hope everthing is good by yuh side!! My Gosh babes yuu So Beautiful !! ii Luhv Yuu Much :D Ya Se Acerca La World War Wed !! :D Thanks Dear " " Cookin"• What?" Fish sticks & Salad :$ :P Yh how's u?RT  Hello you  you good?RT  Hellloooooooooooooooo just press block. Duhh ! : ) MY TO :-) Spent £170 on a projector today... lookkk at your phoneee woman no . . . . i got to my goal : ) Catch my message. This applies to everyone. :-) Idk maybe jp lol  RT   lol hell no but miss me lol RT  VOTE! RT  60.73% of the Best Male votes go to  - but we all really know it should say 100% you're welcome! ) thank you too :D Not true, I have to commute to hockey, work and school in it! I love the snow! :D i wanted to tell ppl to follow you otherwise you'd kill em with the pan, but i realised that wud be called blackmailing :P These shoes are love RT  Today ima get my spa treatment courtesy of   Hair and facials! #winning RT  #fF   go follow him, uhmm now would be good ; D anytime sunshine " Does anyone know where I can buy fabric like this?  same place we're u got tht 1 from I just realised Siva followed you two!! Omg yaaay :D so happy for you both! X *hugging back* Friday night wine : ) xx I know that  lovvved mine &  magic trick coool! Glad to hear you are doing well  what ya doing in your free time before work? you've been at it for days... you deserve a well earned break! 
#brathero I'm vintage then and kind of retro girl i'll let you know when i find it I didn't know you should have told me to #Fb :-)  RT   hacking my bestest friend page. Loveeeeeee you &lt;3 I got an 100% A on my math test today talking to my German Exchange partner LOLOLOL  Hellooooooo Was talkin abt your pic here!!! LOLOL um, what does "school attire" feel like against Uh, Um, Hi! :-) TE AMO  25 Hi please nominate  MJ's protege in the #music category at  add because thanks  appreciated♥ Hahaha, yeah it is :D xx nope  thanks. Follow my twitter friend  shes pretty cool thank you for recording the mtv live in Brasil :D  sent me Wait.. Tomorrow's the 21st! :D Mall with my pretty girlfriend  in a bit The only one I've ever really cooked for is Jenna and that was like once. BUT she loved it Then I'm gettin under the covers n staying there for the rest of the day RT  Darrius is so funny I love him Jgh! My bitch is making me fried pickosYour tactics are cute thanks #RETWEET  :Believe Tour to the Middle East is the TRUTH!!! #NeverSayNever 
Help trend that! #BeliebersHelpbeliebers best prom ever, or best thing ever to happen ever? Mind blowing is what it would have been. RT   Believe Tour to Latin America?? :D RT  Im meeing One Direction in Febuaury and i want to give them a list of fans to follow RT THIS AND FOLLOW ME IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE IN IT Almost had to throwdown with  at Thompsons. #iwantmymoneyfool great lunch!  #bestwifeyever haha yeaa true that :p nice foto trouwens follow back :-) Im such a mud or a fool i dunno wot it would be classed as tbh ... Most prob would be fool its totally fab how so many are getting behind #Cosmopolis for this MTV poll just hope it'll be the same when the movie is released :D Flowers sent to my job okay : )  now i know what ur talkin about lol RT  "  dj stfu u aint gon do shit !! lol"K!! Agreed! I know  agrees as well  RT  Please help Trend #StopBullying Whether its at school, or cyber bullying its wrong! Takes one small phone call to lighten up my day! :-) xxx RT  ✰✰Watch this music video by --  - Games We Play and FOLLOW✰✰ ♫  via You don't have too steeph. :P But then I guess I'm one of those guy's that blame everything on girls. Right? hi..please help me to reach 500 followers.. I will follow them back : ) please just tweet about this : ) it's not me! it's you. a maaaaaaarš! :D I nije svesku nego knjigu, ti meni treba da vratiš svesku iz geosa. RT  Southside bound! I gotta get these boots then I'll start saving charm !!!! : ) yep!  I started in December and I only have 2 posts, but they are coming along SOPA and Pippa Have been dropped so stop writing about it RT   That's great advice, I've just messaged a Fire Officer, to see if he's got any advice that will be useful to your followers Back to liverpool this weekend  its been a while, im hoping the moonlight is still up and running! I am LOVING THIS RECAP! Thank you so much! Can't wait to watch it later today! :D #FF Have a good weekend! heyy haha :D i know u're not...u cant be mad at me. :D &lt;3 Saw your take down of the racism "YOUR NOT AUSTRALIAN" comment. Freaking LOVED it. You're not just exotic, you're brilliant! Lmfaoo for real. We were total fatasses today :p now following back Late lunch again, siempre! :p What's new dba plz , follow      she loves you  #NeverSayNever I go to my bestfriiends house to talk eat her food take a shiit and watch tv. Well mostly just to eat her food  love you Germany :D well i'm tonights entertainment :P #likeTheJoker Ariana icon #2 || give me credit if you use || tell me if you're using it Okay  Hope everything's alright &lt;3 RT  JLS each carry round a sharpie pen incase they bump into fans where ever they go  #JLSFact Happyy Birthday Mr Barlow  x thomas think I'm 94. Conserved Please pick me?! I'd love a phone call from the boys! [I promise not to fangirl....that much]  #MrCelebUK  20 A star in the making (no, REALLY) RT “ Have a listen to my acoustic version of my song Oxygen she gets so excited and happy when she gets it right aswell! Makes me want to cry gooooood! You better! :D Tf ! Hell Naw ! RT  Pep rally was liveee today please tweet bak & follow please ohhh.. no thankyou I had a good day though I followed them when they were rumours abt Fabian to MUFC watched it before but I totally forgot about it! :D also there is a  very old video matt and dom playing acoutstic wacthed it? ok i got my hair cut yesterday and i'm gonna dye it today, i'll tweet pics when it's done :D My chipotle lunch was on point Awesome! We shall have to get drumfk sometime in the summer then :D haha true true :p lamont think I'm 209. Graded You Two just made my weekend!  How are u ladies ? elmer think I'm grief and remorse Quit drink and smoking weed for a while tryna put music before all that shit for a while I hope you do I'll keep my fingers crossed  you know what they say about a change of scenery xx most of my followers are pretty girls RT  At tha beginning of tha year.  was mean and always mocking me. Now... We're #BestFriends :D I will like to thank God& Ice cube for fridays!! S/O to my new followers doe oh no! Yes I shall! Hope I don't come out weeping.. :P follow back RT & follow  to WIN 1 of 5 Eyeshadow Primers! Aus/NZ only. Ends 11.59pm 25/1. Good luck just did our dance to trumpet lights by chris brown. literally the coolest thing ever. RT  I'm glad  is trying out for cheer, she's gon' love it :D interview went well  now its playtime Photoset: so handsome!!! good luck with the rest of the tour! tohoshinki fight-o!! :D melonie garza think I'm disgust and dismay congrates  what uni are you going to then? I listening We are the world ♥  Follow me please! It´s my only dream in the world... #NSN. :D i guess 1 hour I stole my coworkers pop tart. Muahaha #ftw! #itwasntme And it starts on Feb 7! Thanks for the birthday present!!! :-) awwwwwwww we were so young, so sweet Thankyouuuuu  Xx 4 boys not including the other half haha, finally got a little girl on our last bubba :P thanks for the #ff :-) #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK All my classes preib.. N I actually really like my schedule I'm very happy for you Chris One dream.One site.One click.One award. One direction..thousands of directioners!! Let's bring that Brit home!RT GUYS Go guysss go  xxx RT  Everyone try and get My Chemical Penguin trending worldwide as a laugh :P No Im To Pretty To Fight : )  Aw thanks lovely what topic? :D OOOOOOH..LOL, okay okay! (; lmfaoo i knew that  i was just testing yoou ! ;$ thank you :P xox Follow back?  #MuchLove apparently the main keyword for Cancer is sensitivity... are you sure you were born july 4th :p nic ? :D the girls knew that id be back. they knew that i was not gone long.I genuinely don't think there's any person alive that I love more than my nieces. Cutest girls in the world this is one of beyonce's greatest videos why thank you my good sir! :D thxs for following me back Roses aree Redd , Violets aree Bluee . If he's busy on Valentine's day , thee sidee chick is Youu :D Check out HostGator; free domain transfers; here's a 25% OFF COUPON CODE "Get25OffHG" good for any webhosting plan Super show 4 to middle east :P aw, have nice day anyway  xx “  look at mine   SO cute RT  followwwwww  he's awsome :D trueee  so when we going ? Thanks  xx primary school, so any and all subjects really you weigh like 7st you stick :p Joshua! Are there any maxi dresses in Superdry? (even though it's January)  x RT   siii super cool! :P i got 3 jedhugs today 1 edhug 2johnhugs More GIFs coming up! Thanks to KKKG of Tumblr for all these i think you forgot the #FF lol “   this girl! ♥” lol u know me so very well :p and well gone head lol! &lt;~~~~~~~ NEW ICON tweet me?  would mean the world, watching outnumbered, yay! :D xx Follow my idol  #FF 
His music has really gotten me through some hard and stressful times!  ok. Will keep in mind sis. Thanks. roseann cerreta think I'm earthy BELIEVE TOUR TO UK :D straight forward  yea n I'm liking it £100 is fine  I haven't got my iphone yet so as soon as I get it, we can sort it out properly. #BelieveTourWORLDWIDE, yesss all around the world! :D 96% on my speech ahh! year 10's alright though  x The way  grabbed genna's ass I will never forget right with you and ready 2 work   #GohardorGoCry ohh hahah well i dont think it would be good :D xd gunna go stanley when they play port vale at home It will soon be mine. follow back :D “  can I go” • sure you can  anyone can #nf  followback RT  Getting a message from that person you just want to be with.... my day is so much better now was just wondering haha no particular reason :p x You're welcome :D &lt;3 I love mrs.turner  she gives me the best advice! Coulda tweetered it! :p Happy penguin awareness day!  thanks 15 right now, 16 in September ;) wby? !! RT   needs warm honey, plenty of OJ, a nice massage, and a few M.Kors scarfs & beanies! Carter knows best Valeee :P Now this I'll bug you for :p I always do :P janae think I'm contrast and comparison "  lol sloppy wet one" damnnn just how i like em wit them big ass juicy lips No problem :D I love my Pud this person is AWESOME 
HeKnowHeCanGetIt;) 🍴cookin with grandma. Fish, platanos and salad have fun tonight then! dont ask me ask bey 12:00...welp time to get drunk!!! :D impossible. there is no such thing as too much ice-cream :D yayy , & I love ya twitcon ! I see you with ya cool greys :-) RT   I love my sister &lt;33 it's tough really..but V was probably better here and there :D T.G.I.F! Had a great day, #toohyper I love being greeted by my over excited dog when I come home. My baby missed me. hope I get it Thank you!  x Send me a staff badge from Hype! Wanna hang it with other badges! :D I actually got my maths group to understand symmetry today. so freaking proud :D haha thankss :D 7 its alrightttt By the way, ONE of five books I ordered came in today. The Law of Success. Food for my brain! Ahahah! :D He's your man!!! Glad to be part of the community! Thank you!  This is Malik, I sit with him at lunch. You know Billy Joe's not gonna be there tonight, dontchya? I know, I know...you're really there for thanks for the follow " #oomf kinda sexy thoughh (;" thanks :D lol RT  I have a Valentine this year   #couldntbehappier Lol :p you should be jamming to puro temerarios y bukis y broncos hahaha baby you can wear my hat, cuz you got it like that hopefully i get to chill with him tonight hahaha i'm too lazy to straighten my hair but i like the feeling of getting wet under the rain with my headphones on :D heeeeey lovely meeting you tonight :D australia Yes, because you're the first person ever to want an island. :D #KeepFightingAngels show that you care! Tweet and Retweet this people :-) heh okay, well, if u want to, we can have a skype-math-lesson tomorrow, or even today, but i'm still bathing,so.. :D :D sounds like you're having fun! and I'll try driving just for funsies, because everything is on the other side there :P Time to go to bed.Goodnight everyone Anytime AHHHHH can I be the first to see?!?!?! :D I'm preparing to go back batu pahat in abt an hour. Good morning tweethearts! And good night to me.. Hehe.. Hey there! Good to hear from you friend  Hope you're keeping warm.. Criticise your brother on the sky sports panel :P yeaah true! I'll go with ya sweet thang awh u shouldnt' have lol My goal of the day is complete he hood wid it.. his tattoos I like that oh no,your eyes!! :D haha it's toxicI've aren't my wine - just finished my first jog of the new year you know who! The party pooper! :P hahaha!oohh yaaa will do! ;) ill go on there now okay! Its boring here at home but I'm glad I'm not outside having to wear huge jackets that scene is BRUTALLY HOT! :D i just use this site for recipes  hope it helps xoxo lololol! It's amazing.  I love you too jojo! yessir let me get ready go to the movies with my mom " Can't believe it ! Just 7 days yet and I going to see Justin Bieber :D #Excited"- where? follow back ! :-) Most of these people dont. Lol no problem hey  do you wanna follow me back? I love your bio  &lt;33 xx is so funny .. :D RT   hey hunny how are u? Nice avi / thnx  long time no talk how you been? But I'm fine just doing me. when each of us is connected to their own individual system we can co-create our heaven on earth ... just like nature does #TGIF Chipmunk style ddaaammm!! woke up and noticed i still have wings!!! :D (Doing the happy dance) My weekend is starting off good :D I'm spending this evening watcing classic Horror movies. Just learned how to play Without You on the piano! and today is the first day the week hasn't got worse The time has come! We'll be revealing some official dates for RODE later today..don't go away! :D Because Katy is The Perfection. um...it's probably mine. truth is truth - you a bad bitch! haa. You should! That would be awesome-er! Even though its not a word. It would be cool. RT  Love these vote 1D pics people have thank you guys hello you,hows my Irish yido :-) See, I know these things :P idk lol nut its such a great movie About 2 Take A Nap LOL... What IS that?? Doesnt look like a normal shower to me...  RT  ...and don't forget, line-up for Camp Bestival is coming v soon...more details to follow on Monday always will be if you early darters wait for me!! :D No it's ok. I've got enough haha online shopping! guna be poor soon, this is what happens when i get bored I already do !  xx I am in such a good mood right now : ) One day I'm going to meet  and I'm going to give him a big hug and then after that we're gonna make a video. Yup, dreams. :P School almost out Cant physically stop smiling RT  #AquariusSeason is here :D #TeamAquarius we're ready! Let's go!!♥ London Marathon(3rd time) gonna try a sprint tri in june and fingers x'd for new York in nov plus little ones in between. :-) btw, do people like my dragon? well its head at least O.o I don't know what that is but thanks lol, it's to be able to watch HD recorded movies or TV series' on my TV :-) Watch it b/c: u didn't pay attention in class. It's ur history. All black cast. George Lucas film. #RedTails just go see it !! I joined that club RT  #FF 3azooz your photography stinks :p RT  :@ go FC Bayern Munchen !!! Looks like I have a valentine this year 'A REAL VALENTINE' soooo I wonder what im gon get :-) :-) :-) eleanor sirko think I'm jocular RT  Why the ladies should follow  .. 1 he's sweet 2 he's caring 3 he loves long walks 4 he loves puppies i just wanted to say ily. i just use this site for recipes  hope it helps xoxo Its times like this where I thought I had a hot pink hummer you were amazing last night at  &  concert killing it on stage ... Have fun in ACT Follow me please please make my dream come true, I love youuuuuu SO MUCH guys :D ♥ I'm your biggest fan  21 exciteddd for date night with  tonight! weeeee ok I'm on it  x dawn   let's take some sleep and tommorow will be fine Thanks! :-) ahaaa... hope u get better soon  well, my day was cool  hanged out wid some friends and came back just now :P ''Don't care what we do, as long as I'm with you. Every lil' thing gonna be alright!" :D You're amazing! :D 760 Thanks for the #FF :-) Thanks you too... but It's the night here!! :P so pleased for you-any idea where its going to go yet Shawn? :-) Kandia loves me with her pretty self :P Got a lot done today! Have some really great news I can share soon lo haré Thanks for the info! thanks for the follow might have some there  they can be better than ebay for stuff sometimes no I was at  :D My pleasure  and only a little bit Si una Directioner se mete con Justion, entonces no es Directioner, porqe Niall es Belieber Boy hey why not The album is pretty intense! It's their longest album yet. :D thanks I thought so too #MrCelebUK It would mean a lot if i can tell to the guys that Italy loves all of them!  xx Loved you in Super 8 & on Titanium, I was like 'It's that guy from Super 8!'
Hope to see you in more films/vids!
Follow back? of boring tweets? Then follow ✩  ✩ for amazing tweets on your timeline  ! I try my best!!  Hope you have a great weekend too!! :-) RT  2:0 yeah yeah yeah  #gladbach In a bit, gonna head over to my friends house. She just got a steamroller yesterday, I picked up a dub today. Yeah :D heyyyy! ok ok thanks  now i just need to get it lol #SOPAisDead Congratz everyone we did it :D Follow  and i follow back  It's for a challenge there are BIG presents if you follow him  RT RT  Today's a big day! It's our movie premiere day!!! RT  RT if you screamed a little inside when Elijah came back :D RT  Twitcam ?  &lt;3 Im glade I don't have any #Drama about me on my tm because all my family following me and they don't bs about me! :-)  #Dramafree #Zone RT  I can shut my mouth but I can't control my reactions RT  [Poll] Do you think that Senegal can win the 2012 African Cup of Nation ? RT Plz love ya moreeee :D too far n too expensive! Besides there's nothing there!RT  Can't wait! :D RT  Are you ready for  January 31st???? RT  : ' well i'm tonights entertainment :P #likeTheJoker' O Yeah!?! im gonna go play some wii  i miss you xx Lol! Well thank you! \m/ They r worst in san antonio ? :p RT  I thought Miami drivers are the worst on streets.. U should drive in san antonio iwont smash w/himm hes juss afreind  creepers._. ouuuuuui :D Waxing/tweezing,tinting,mani's &pedi's & i'm doing my acrylic nail course in 2weeks so them soon aswell  Ok  Ohh are ya x grocery doing with the roomie bradford brooms think I'm reasonable and practical sooo ill be there all night! yeah i didnt know you had one either.! now im gonna stalker follow you :P ahaha  Just did a hand stand in the middle of my living room for 5 minutes! Take that core strength! Thanks Joe! cheering for sri lanka all the way!!  hope they win this one! ahhh , good look  & rico mad lol but its all good. lol I Love You Too Jalyha Good news today I freaking &lt;3 it! First: phone will be jailbroken by days end  Second: I now accept credit/debit on the go  $5 bp games? yeah I'm good thanks, you need to come Derby, and yeah maybe might stick to Facebook :p xx Mailed out my first official merchandise order today  yay!! #BusinessWoman About To Hit Up Quail Springs With Mr.MaxiPadd :P ohhh! haha I won't  just gotta get coffee! to bad Starbucks isn't open at 3:30 am! In the cinema woth  about to watch the sitter :-) oui Cosy Couch, haribo, bottle of coke movies and my gorgeous Dog  Nice chilled evening in. take care   thanks for farewell lunch, safe flight! watching pretty little liars :D WATCH IT! ya salaam ya welad !!! Aho allek pleasure :D wenabii 7ebiihom b2a hahaha #nw Boy Meets World. Classic show. Too funny :D is it cool? hm.. sitting here with my family but Ill go downstairs soon cause they annoy me -.- Today Was Not A Good Day , But Ima Be Okay OK, i'm very well! thanx! yeah but i don't remember it. :D I only remember that you were in my dream. I have to go with mom and stuff. :p itd be a challenge to do that but I have to be there for a week when the semester starts so what band heheh yeah it was rosalva klapperich think I'm leisure and tranquillity #ITS2020 :P &lt;3 jeff what about siri on older devices ? any news about it ? we re waiting for that thanx for the follow new follower  xx Dolly, you are stunning, as usual! :-) Happy 66th!! When will you notice me? My birthday is in eight days, to give me this gift, it is important to me  Eu te amo sempre 16 Exams are over! :D RT  Let's get me to 4000 followers and I promise u all a naked pic  xxx lovely to see you too, thanks for letting me take shelter lol! Food was great and wine went straight to my head!  xxx My smiley face hat :D RT  Today's a big day! It's our movie premiere day!!! Thinking about tonight, and how you're actually gonna be there and not away for hockey :D #butterflies Lol! my kenkey partner wassup? :D :D i saw you today hehehehehe who's coming to see you and bri? Yeah that's me!  thanks for saving me today. // CANT WAIT Follow me please please make my dream come true, I love youuuuuu SO MUCH guys :D ♥ I'm your biggest fan  29 My boo   needs to followback. I do feel an overwhelming sense of pride everytime it happens :P Add a photo of your new haircut! I found my iPod :0  #FridayMiracle. so sleepy .. justin please follow me.. okay see you
make this come true  please Wish U Notice Me Followed. RT   follow back? & I'll extend it thanks Sonia Play time now,  let me make you giggle with this one lol The series is called When graphic artists get bored your more than welcome miss fox I love these two girls RT  Could everyone please follow my brother  .Hes an amazing singer /songwriter.cheers guys it's alright m'lovely  ♥ "Save the cheerleader,save the world!" Recordam-se? Son of Sky starts in the fourth race at Taby Galopp, Sweden. A slightly heavy DT and he works best at heavy winter tracks 98 on my auto midtermmmm and lots of wine :P A hundred, thousand bicycles on the Paddington bike rack. oh good! She did text you  perfect!!! check your dm Still looking cute doe RT  I Called   At 6 This Morning : ) :-) :-)  ur the best Please pick me?! I'd love a phone call from the boys! [I promise not to fangirl. I'll try my best!]  #MrCelebUK  26 #NP Pleasure P - Lick Lick Lick : ) rotfl hope you enjoy lol :-) hi, where are you from? :D ( live on RT  'But here's my number so call me maybe' I love this song haha I was only joking...maybe :P I can't wait to see  ))) 90 minutes “  wyd”I'm not doing anything  wbu gettin better, they still hurt but I finally got to eat today! My grilled cheese &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ! Its tha best  lol . good luck with everything Welcome RT  i don show! I' ll try my best ! I love your icon  x iwas sleep for like 3 hours . During testing lol RT  S/o to Block list , they reallyy come in handyy : ) just know a few people and that got me into it!  xxx Thankss looking forward to #cbb : ) Ermmmm I do it at school so I know the basics RT  yes!  RT   Lol shut up imma b at yo skool that weekn picking domo up.. Taco bell on me lol My dog is so pampered  she does deserve it though. She's the cutest thing ! thanks heaps for the #FFthanks girl The power of three but thats what girls do right  jk, dont be mad .. SMH lol sounds good tho “ Temple..Syracuse...Delaware..?” uh oh !!!! They are all good schools!!! - yu been in mah mind tha whole dayy babee ! that's backwards as shit but whatever floats your boat and tickles your pickle RT   follow back? Eastenders Why thank you :P #nf, follow back RT  #AquariusSeason is here :D #TeamAquarius we're ready! Let's go!!♥ Nfb   loving the twitname !!! Scotland Needs Believe Tour ....EVERYONE PLEASE HELP TREND THIS ...HE'S NEVER BEEN THERE  PLEASE GO THERE  FOR ALL MY FRIENDS Gladly. I'm good at writing stuff, let it be articles or firmwares :D yey thank you :D mmmm chocolate xxx will DM now x yeah hehe Right back to my drawing again , laters NO!!! He studies at the business school. It was the total badass who sat right at the back but was super clever too. David :D ocean´s13!! Thanks for the #FF :-) Have a great weekend RT  It don't even feel like Friday everyday is Friday for me You are now by 1 day.. You must be so proud :D RT  Listening to  on a Friday afternoon at work... Always makes the day go by!! "  lol thank u cuz this ant no joke keep ur pretty shape hunny wait till ur ready"

Alright alright alright MASSIVE happy birthday to  &lt;3 hope you have a great day!!! :D I need new clothing. :-) Tips are #great just gotta keep working on it ain't i :P and  #FF  goood music guys! followed  x “ Voted for My Bro  on Who's Next !” thank you! have a good weekend i need to lose weight tooo sis.. lol... All i do is eat... He's silly. Watching the weather with Mr. Collins  lol im glad they are loosing it will b advantage Dortmund :D Lmao! I'm feelin Froggy today! Just might!! I got a couple of folks on the list! Darling do u need me to wear something in particular? A dress? :D thankyou hun  xxx You've. Just been paislead :-) thankyou! :-) Are you lot going to the Stratford Westfields or the Shepard's Bush one? I am a DAMN good cook :P lol no I mean, what else is there to do on fb aka I don't use it for games and shit and check up on a million groups :p Thank you for the follow. Merci Oh just rubbing bumpers Yuss apa, i cn understand !! #Real World is more important than #Virtual One L M FA O quit yo twitter lies. You know you cant dance SIIIIIIIIIIIII PRINCESS :D Thanks for the follow! :D Going on the Xbox in a bit w/  whilst  chats baby stuff with Vicky  Hope my bro knows he is in for a #asswhooping thanks for the #FF! :D RT  I Think I Got My Grades Up Doe  , Trifle and ice cream I can't wait to hear Soldiers  #bsomebody - No Matter What , How , Or When ( My Friend ] I'll Be There  ! #Princess My mom hasn't cussed in over 25 years, and I haven't cussed in over 25 minutes! we're both doing such a good job it's just like victoria's secret.. tho they say theres gonna be one in London soon!! :D not that u care..completely out of topic.. Watch My Cover " Shot For Me " By Drake  & Subscribe If U Want Good news all around! Got contacted for a position at city winery to run live sound for their brunch. Gunna call them 4 that interview I need a new best friend be thankfull my dear. I could've fed you to my mongoose for fun :D Remember he's following 100 fans all week! ..For someone who's had there account for 6 months youve got alot of followers Lmao @ What Just Ran Across My Mind i feel blessed with the power to bake :L :P ahahahaa  I have work tomoz... Not too many of these #ILoveWine Exempted all my exams : ) , just gotta take my history sol . WOO! Got an interview at Derby uni! Scary times, need to start on my portfolio!! :D aaand I've been spending A LOT of time on the couch watching hockey with him RT  HAPPY HOUR @ Perry Footwear ALL WEEKENDDDD!!! Now thru tomorrow @ 5! Come have a shot with me for my bday! raymundo think I'm exceptional and remarkable Get US better movies PLZ #FollowFriday  #FF Law School grads, new writers need U 2 :-) It's not that far. Honest! follow back plz  :-) Follow bk? :D Happy Birthdayy :p :p.... I'm not addicted to twitter like u!!!! no rain yet! Talk to you soon kalau begitu  RT  bb off for today RT  RT if you screamed a little inside when Elijah came back :D Making a quick meal before the game good! Newcastle! you going? aw  well im always here if you need someone to talk to.  RT  #BelieveTourWORLDWIDE Fran brought me a strawberry banana smoothie  He's the best!! 22  for teach me to never give up,to follow my dreams. My dream is have a RT or a follow from you,it would be amazing boooyz :P S/o to my young  tho  follow her !! Thank you! Wish I was going shopping with my roomies :(    have fun! Visit me at work oww :( I am sorry  god rest his soul! what's up mister! #FF follow follow follow meeeeee  #teamfollowback Pure feast from the chinese for dinner #Replacebandnameswithpenguin A Rocket to the Penguin...Mayday Penguin....My Penguin Romance« Im in a good mood, who wants some #FF love?  RT» definitely not for myself. Long away from that day. Morning twitter! I had a good sleep in!  #HelloHolidays! Might as well break me off ! Its only right  RT  I don't really like stunting but I keep
Me a roll.. the shop is no more, sadly. Closed on Xmas Eve. You have to sell an awful lot of choc to pay L1 rent. But still online thank you for the #FF and you are welcome, Carolina FOLLOW ME BACK? :D actually my cat was meowing Makasi abg  RT  Hbd  wish u all the best Dw about it :D goood  the lady was real nice and prego #socute It's a #Twug fest :D gotta check ma grandma and baby cous b4 i leave keep me posted hey RT   Is comin home tommorow I cnt wait to see her I frekin missed her Beliebers,like who's on!  Where do you guys live :* ~ Lea &lt;3 It's actually working out better than I hoped. I look forward to launching it. Thats a nice solo wave RT  From the way its looking its just me my sangria & movies tonight! I like it Gold leaves in my hair today I'm so good at football, even ask you know lez be friends do you see anyone you know? :P x RT  #FF  brilliant writer for  &  Happy Friday Jill ! 

/ We all ♥♥♥ Jill!!! XO Alota things go down in my shower  and the other part of the bathroom.. Bol, Aww thankyou&lt;3 follow me back, please July and I shall have one  for now, the 4s will do. POW! Just got the call to come in and fill out paperwork at job #2 :-) Ah yeah, I like it! :P i want to go!  can i go if im not a member? aso okay  hey Gizem . Anne . U think u very jokey!!  n Me 'n snow are no bueno! When I dated Rob he asked if I'd to move to NJ w/ him. I couldn't oblige. A/f visits to TX he moved. :-)  When will you notice me? My birthday is in eight days, to give me this gift, it is important to me  Eu te amo sempre 23  RT   YUP! was raised to give all to my aiga for whatever is needed and I have seen the blessings from giving.  thanks! Hope  had a good day at work!! good luck you will, itll be fine :D oh yeah, of course, how could i forget!? ;) YES. But  should come here to america to do a show w/ you! :p you can cheat on me with Katy perry if I can cheat on you with this guy bow from this movie Follow Back ? its lovely in brighton  ah thats cool  x RT  What yall Don't know is Me & my niggas Tawk about everythang Dat Goes On So y'all Can't Be Slick 5 hour road ride.  Group of 9 with 2012 collegiate national cx champ Kerry Warner.  My legs hurt now haha I no :/ talking about toes  yeah I'm good thanks .. You? Xx The AraB Revolutions Nic D?! I kinda miss that kid. :P thanks for the #ff yeah, it was luck  Well, but I can't understand those spammers, cause they should know that they just annoy the celebs... Fulls days work in now its time to chill  ~K Only 6 days rather than 7, can't wait even more now :D check dm fam Don't we all :D Even my 4yr old bro looked at it and agreed that 'the girl is pretty' :D #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin one penguin!  :D "No weapon formed....." :-) Haha. This is the story of your life. tell him to let me know when it would be best to :D follow back : ) follow back perhaps ? :D Boreddddd :p , can't wait till everyone gets on to start doing that #ScrimGrind yeah, they have their moments, but they are pretty respectful most of the time. I have high expectations. okayy  your lyric is 'That I'm waiting right here'  do you know what to do? RT  Its WEEKEND :D time to tweet my special girls ;) “ I got this 10 bucks for nothing -_______- another day trapped inside :(” give it to meee can I borrow your son next time I get a doorknocker, sounds like he has great ways of getting rid of them :-)  i just had to run off cringing! He looked shocked! If its love , it will last foreverr aww thank you :-) Hey guys! Sorry for long time no tweets. :p and Bill Gates once said "who needs the internet?" Or along those lines anyway :p Are you serious? What was he saying? :P Thats so rude Check it out my new soundcloud mix!! what song have you been listening to a lot lately? Follow me on tumblr  tothingsthatsbeautiful.tumblr.com yer surre id love to just sit in the studio and watch you make your music.. id be speechless. That's on my bucket list. Can you tweet me? please i love you so much  4 RT   sure :D oh justins account ! one minute and i tell you, i was write it, so i have found ;) can't wait for tomorrow :D xx Mrk Es q Mis Tweet Son especiales :D you're welcome :-) Hahahaha !! Yes you are Nandos and shopping with fiate,fiateeee, fiateee nomas :D hi  ...hope you get some rest over the weekend...btw I loved ur dp you hit me like the sky fell on me ,,fell on me :D RT  Today's a big day! It's our movie premiere day!!! she's singing this so soooo often :D Applying for my A levels, what are the best ones to take? :D i saw u aswell when i was in the car :\  but ive only just read the tweet lol  #typical um if u find on monday at break in t5 :D I looove your eyes in your pic :p hey wanna follow me back? RT   Good to follow a local  Have a great w/e Babys doing so good  can't wait til feb 13th!! I'm going to see them in Birmingham :D I'm not allowed give out my number sorry!Wow! The SOPA got dropped :D f8ck yes :D but it's more Fun that way the sweatshirt of the day time heals all, but heels hurt to walk in lol using me for my bautiful monkeh! :D Sounds like me with Midtown Comics :D #totalgeek hey  can you please follow  she follows all beliebers back! cuz she loves me so much and I love her the same way thanks RT  Everything you want comes after you stop looking for it #BePatient i call it mission limon haha :p and will do!  xx Nick fetching fish and chips as a treat- yum  #dietpostponed 7up cupcakes: ready! they´re sweet, lemony, soft like a cloud :D hey bro, don't forget to send your feedback for #broski to me  cheers Doing these dishes , then im out You're welcome. followed Eating cheese it Thanks for the follow! I look forward to much tweeting I have 3 clients, you know who you are, just message me the date and time you would like for me to do your photos Awww cuteee  RT  Me & my baby Kyle layed up in bed I love him  instagr.am/p/i6xid/ Can you tweet me? please i love you so much  11 Hello world :P I'm sorry! Hahah I'll give it to you soon promise! glad u like it simon! Its in peak condition right now. Quite complex for an ipa too. One of my faves :-) You are just SO adorable :P #liesifeedmyfriends lol me gusta le new twitter :D you love it hahahaha :D shave shave shave!! I'm 3 levels upp, sorry to burst your bubble :p #slacker Adam, you shoppoholic you :P unless Internet companies are contributing more :P I just wrapped my hair in a bun and  said I looked like a lunch lady. We're writing the prettiest, saddest acoustic song and my room...  &lt;3 Dream Theater tickets have arrived, nice 1 im hipp tho, use to watch this all the time! Happy BUF everyone!  lol! I've been busy and  just finished the podcast...Thanks for helping me  and for knowing my name  ! :D only a few more hours. Then freedom. miesha galam think I'm purlish Yay! Not too early not late. #perfecttiming RT   soz I read your bio and LMAO ray ray is your pet lizard! Rofl! He has got a looong tongue though. :D see it before it happens is what's gets me :-) RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss your welcome ! Chicken bowl for lunch with my brother hey your cover of the script is actually awesome  I've just subscribed nee toch :p melanie think I'm 394. Separated Had a good dayy. Me & some friends did the inbetweeners dance & some of Harry's moves from One Thingg. :D videos in a min xx " I didn't talk to my baby all day shit bout to get real !" You tlkd to me earlier : ) RT  EUROPE WANTS BELIEVE TOUR Hi,Ruth  could you please ⒻⓄⓁⓁⓄⓌ talented LA singer  & CheckOut #CrashIntoMe  #THX Yeah so lovely :D Rob and Breach win Beer Pong :P - YouTube: playing beer pong in robs and heres robs shot to win : P enjoy.www.yo... aaahhhh the memories  #Vegas baby!! RT   Sure, wassup? OMG so you know that Conner kid?! He's super lame One of the best/funniest anti-racism response I've seen All what you make is awesome!! :D hey how are u? I was going to call it TV room but drawing room just sounds better :D T'as regardé l'episode 12 de #TVD ? Sweet, going on my Birthday list for my son that way I'll for sure it something 'there',  a tee, liking the hoodie too :P Rob and Breach win Beer Pong :P - YouTube: playing beer pong in robs and heres robs shot to win : P enjoy.www.yo...  can I just say tonights Emmerdale was absolutely brilliant  #Emmerdale BRAD!!  Thank you soooooo much!!!! // RT  Happy birthday to one of the best people I know i would really like a chocolate milkshake please it wasn't too bad, thanks you throw a good change-up SMILE :D follow back please! Hey handsome That's pretty awesome! You have a lot of loyal fans I love  she always puts a smile on my face wit her goofy ass lol :P anti-disestablishmentairanism oh, YAY!  Though I don't know what IMHO means.  #NerdAlert! Down to Earth Acoustic is my favorite song, but it isn't important because you won't notice me ): but I #BELIEVE Open MIC Night Tonight!!!Special of the Day @ SBTS: Combo Platter $21.95 Chix, Steak and Fish with choice of rice, mash and veggies Home at last  hungry as a mofo! Thanks for the RT, Andy. You're good Tweople. RT   come to the game w/ me : ) ezekiel prieur think I'm contrivance and disguise RT  I love Bear Grylls :D yea lol I'm so happy about that. No applications till summer. I think I'm going for architecture. :D RT  Where's the loyal fans at? Go follow ----&gt;  for a chance to win free tickets to our next tour jasper think I'm nauseous and disgusting  RT  FF  :-) haha you're welcome! lol! I agree :p Shes definitely  a good time! Soooo .. we are cool right?!?! :-)  RT  RT if liam payne doesn't follow u and u want dms to him! ( But go follow  first! Checking  ) possibly going downtown with some friends ...we shall see coolcooooool! Hehe! Let me know if you find out  xxHi! I'm Clara Directioner! Your new video "One a Thing" is AMAZING! 1D is AMAZING! I love you! Follow me? MuchLove! :D 19 don't hate on John cena because he can rap better than you  oh and because he whopped your butt on Monday ! I love this picture  that was such a funny night!! xx " ill do the time cause her love is timeless " Hi! I'm Clara Directioner! Your new video "One a Thing" is AMAZING! 1D is AMAZING! I love you! Follow me? MuchLove! :D 16 RT  Haha the Beautiful Harry with a tape about.... find out for yourself...  - okay!!  so, I'm gonna go now! Be back later okay? Hi! I'm Clara Directioner! Your new video "One a Thing" is AMAZING! 1D is AMAZING! I love you! Follow me? MuchLove! :D 22 RT  me &  had subway! A Different Duckling cant do it, Im faithful & happy wi maBoyfriend! : ) i batted my eyes  jk i bought some when i was in Chi town last and just recently opened it. it stays good FOREVER. :D we make a great Pair RT   yep cause u make an awesome buddy Ahhh the glorious sound of the pizza laden moped outside Afternoon snack, loving my grandma Hi! I'm Clara Directioner! Your new video "One a Thing" is AMAZING! 1D is AMAZING! I love you! Follow me? MuchLove! :D 21 you do indeed!  so excited! RT  If only a kiss means I love you forever, I won't let your lips out of mine :p Received a beautiful pair of shoes from a sponsor / can't wait to show yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa sipi LMAO No Dummy xD & idk , Dnt You Have The Connect :P aw i love Liam  #eastenders RT  ;;  got me a  giftcard for my birthday! How sweet your welcome  x One more month and me and my Lil family are outta here :-) it's been mine for years, relationship or no relationship RT   Si una Directioner se mete con Justion, entonces no es Directioner, porqe Niall es Belieber Boy Oh I like the training top Really! Nvm RT  I dunno RT  Ur what tribe?  RT _hot_revolver_x: I'm not yoruba ... hey  can you please follow  she follows all beliebers back! haha at least you made a new friend :P Jack is finally asleep  but he is currently kicking me in the stomach oh the joys of being an aunt :P nah-ah choose 1! Can't have both y'know -T :D I Had Awesome Day..., NOBODY Didn't Pissed Me Off So Far Heheheheheh  you're welcome Well if you are a coffee icecream fan, they have the best. shelton hearn think I'm intuitive and axiomatic Hi! I'm Clara Directioner! Your new video "One a Thing" is AMAZING! 1D is AMAZING! I love you! Follow me? MuchLove! :D 20 RT  Great Shoot today in "Sound bite" Tower Records Dublin and an even better Cappachino Thanks Wyn :D was in the oiffice to say hi to all but you were out. Have a lunch date so not sure ill be in after or not :-) RT  Morris Chestnut Sexy Chocolate Ass RT  Today's a big day! It's our movie premiere day!!! Hey guy want to #xxx hookup? #sexy #sex #porn #pussy Check the link :P  #IAr Aweee yeeee can't wait to get drunk with my frands  you'd think this is the first party I've ever been to I'm that excited. Please could I have a hello? I'm a long standing fan! :-) LOL "sources". Booster Juice is amazing  RT  My "sources" tell me it's time for lunch. Booster Juice it is. Hopefully both of you...  x HAHAAH AWWWWWWW ;))) .. OK OK FINE LMFAO BABE UR JELLY LIKE THEY ARE RIGHT WITH ME OR STH :P .. STOP BEING JELLY HEHE Hi! I'm Clara Directioner! Your new video "One a Thing" is AMAZING! 1D is AMAZING! I love you! Follow me? MuchLove! :D 18 haha! I've never seen that one! When I was still a beauty... Thanks, big boy! Yes  OFC ! #HisFuture Ahh thankyou! Glad you had a lovely day :-) Got any plans for the weekend?xx I didn't care I'd forgot my bag, I was just upset I had no food to eat. But it wasn't too bad because Fiona gave me a penguin Not much, watching handball! You? RT  Whoa!! It's a Friday I see!  We are on our way to Canada today! Can't wait! Oh and is anyone else freezing there trunks off? well thanks again lol and hi damn rude. Loll #beingniceiscool not the other way around #getwiththeprogram Really fancy some chicken chow mein.. Gunaa have to settle for a battered sausage from the chippy instead No worries! :-) RT  Sorry I missed it, Brent! Busy!     #hrtechchat *HAS SEX WITH KATELYN!* :P RT  RT if you screamed a little inside when Elijah came back :D Hi! I'm Clara Directioner! Your new video "One a Thing" is AMAZING! 1D is AMAZING! I love you! Follow me? MuchLove! :D 17 I love you most Noodie #TrueLove #MyBoyfriendIsMyBestfriend lol ok. Fair enough. I was just curious. Thanxxx to  for my halfcenturyyyy.......:-) :-) Follow me, and I will follow back in 2 minutes or less  RT if you are #teamfollowback and want #100aday u #200aday a #500aday z ... Hi Bieber  How are you? Notice me please *-* #BrazilLovesJBieber 18 RT  9 more followers? RT and I'll give you a shout out! I follow back :D RT good!!!  “ really diggin instagram s/o to Hi! I'm Clara Directioner! Your new video "One a Thing" is AMAZING! 1D is AMAZING! I love you! Follow me? MuchLove! :D 15 Follow [   ] so i Can help You Gain ! Hi! I'm Clara Directioner! Your new video "One a Thing" is AMAZING! 1D is AMAZING! I love you! Follow me? MuchLove! :D 14 Its that time again...stats class! :p (@ UNC: McKee Hall) looking forward to a day with the girlfriend tomorrow :D #Sweeeeeeeeeeeeeet RT   avi tho  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 34,000th tweet up for grabs! :D i'm a clown :D 99.574  &lt;3 Break a leg!  #PitBoss RT  Had an audition yesterday,, got a call back today! Wish me luck! But say : break a leg lol #NFF followbacck &lt;----------- Will Be Thinking About Tay Mom At Work I only just got out of my pjs :P RT  omg it pisses me off more then anything when people try to hashtag symbols! IT WON'T WORK STOP DOING IT PLEASEEEE At the beach with my babies...had promised my riley...water brings me peace and calm I have just watched Drunk and it is A.M.A.Z.I.N.G! I've voted for you on the Brit awards a KAZILLION times   I love you &lt;3 xxxx #Eastenders Aww, bless Liam Planning to be at this party on Sunday in NYC with  espeically since we met on RT  "Can I come over" Aaliyha :-) In class talking to my sis  : ) RT  Today was dead but the 12-13-11  got some cough cough " ACTION " had got mines yesterday but mines was better ha : ) LOL just kidding girls  u both smart #honestly RT  Hahaha OMG MUST ▓▒░F░O░L░L░O░W░█▬►   this guy is hilarious! She has the best tweets, quotes, and jokes! Follow & enjoy! yep  I like what I see on tv about germany. I really wana go to Germany so bad if I get the money &lt;3 keep doing it! Aww, thank you! :-) shopping timedy :D Awwwww!:') I had to teach my mum init :PI need a smart boyfriend for hw to be done Bah oui going home YOUPI :p no it&#39;s Zooey Deschannel or whatevs her name is...basically her twin RT  Today's a big day! It's our movie premiere day!!! Barely passed. Gay man on da telly clearly you need to get your priorities straight!  me &gt; ur friend is finkin of moving to london college to do ma level 3 in childcare...x nd i cud do with a fresh start in ma life.....  . x Waiting on people to order some avon got some books out around the neighborhood hey  can you please follow  she follows all beliebers back! Ohhh. Well don't listen to it too much, I don't want you to cry. RT  R-T if you're a directioner  I wanna follow more of u. So if you are follow me and I'll do the same . X #FF sometimes u just need  &lt; some1 to count on being there!  great encourager!  cc  don't u agree? Please trend #BelieveTourToMiddleEast  18 Thanks for RTing my solar tweet Renee - hope I find someone RT  RT  Me &  on  atlanta streaming live!!  &lt; oh there's the link! Lol Hope you're havin a good day : ) New bathing suites just arrived!! Ahh!! I can't wait to go away :D #seeyanever damn way to goo! will do! Me too. Abigail is one of my three favorite albums of all time =) So happy that he will start touring again soo RT  #FF to by5l9 now :p Hello Dani how are you? You really inspire me  Love you xxxxx thank you early 90's technics off the bay of avforums. Easy. :-) same as rihannas so you can't really forget that date hehe :D RT  I'm meeting One Direction in February and I want to give them a list of fans to follow. RT this if you want to be in it, must follow me  x Haha thanks a lot! :D Do you have yours too? Is it bad at this moment im playing minecraft, the feed updated behind the screen and i saw your tweet and was like YES :P Okay then , just remember I don't share my food :P yeah only till I get a job lol. Yeah im down Get off your phone. hahah looks like it.  &lt;3 wuv you lord they gone be some kinda pissed  abt tht one! 3:24 birthdayyTweet RT  Patron...we will be reunited very soon  &lt;&lt; Be sure that he's straight in San Fran. Drink that is. en geshopt :D RT   WeWantToSeeMileysNewHairCut :D See, please keep smiling  I love you so much &lt;333 tbh I'm not a fan, so yes Hey afterSHOCK youth! We now have a twitter for aftershock. Follow  for details on all the latest AYM events! Thats a particularly hot picture of him tho. :P Well Toby does look quite a bit older than you so maybe thats why he laugh. Follow back me pleasee   i'm your big fans from Indonesia ;) #36 [Like it?  ] Yeah ya do!  We are also trying to book some DFW shows. That;s really funny  !! de sp........... ah claro  kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk follow back plz  :-) RT  have such a brill mum to bemmm  novis ? Thanks for the #FF today has been a good day RT   i was the one with the Irish Flag in Glasgow  luv yah Nialler &lt;3 so does  :D I'll slam you.. Then you would quit Dear Girls,, you can write "U" or "You" Instead of "Yewh" Coz this is not how you pronounce the "you"  I bet no one understood xD We're hereeee :D now wheres the bathroom!??? thank you only 5 more to watch :D Everyone go follow I've never been so excited to eat.  #fatgirlproblems Can you tweet me? please i love you so much  25 I can't ever be brave cause you make my heart race :') I absolutely love  so much  xx Amber on the Glam Cam 360! Opps.. Sorry Gary.. I mean I have too many.. lol!! my bad.. lol RT  #AquariusSeason is here :D #TeamAquarius we're ready! Let's go!! cute* Riiigght! ..anyway tho, where U been at? Seems like forever since we tweeted! Not at all You make me smile missin her nt seein her kills me inside be wit her til death do us part " When I listen to you the boss x ross x Nicki it make me think about RT   I guess u r LOL :D Watch My Cover " Shot For Me " By Drake  & Subscribe If U Want on webcam with  :D jawel Hot chocolate in my 1D mug :D RT  You wanna know who is cute and got a gorgeous smile ? Read the first word again #FF goes in the front of the tweet, otherwise only people  & mutual followers can see it, not all your followers! :p RT  I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one who thinks  tweets and retweets way too much :P jk #loveher If anyone got a drinking ticket last night come visit me and Robinson Law Firm One Direction . New photo RT  Thanks for the brilliant tweets and re-tweets! Lol xD Pokemon is legend :P ok,,,, I will do it... thank you dear RT  Want a followback from me? 1) go follow this epic accounts that I love   &   ♥ #muchlove RT if u did bye for now, sweetie  take care ) followed follow me back ? ليل الصباح 

طيبين ! going don to bondi beach this afternoon anyone keen for some awesome surf HEY, CHECK OUT T.K.   &  RT & FOLLOW US  THANKS #TEAMTK I relly liked you on Grey's anatomy :D sounds like a plan , ill text you columbus think I'm ineffective Ha ha! I like your ground, mostly for the outlet shopping though! :P ahaaa lool so did I but now I feel like I can run a marathon well not literally :P xx thankshahah yeah....well text me and we can plan it  lol Oh! La2 Mrs.Shafee2 deh fe national :D Deh el ro3b kolo :D I am &thanks love RT  Happy Birthdayy  Hope you're havin a good one  #TeamAquarius haha oi get back to work! Book me in for abs wednesday please  XX hi der nice to meet u cork? is it any good ? :P oh god dont start with deadlines the amount of projects to do :L && i are eating all different types of culture foods today.. First stop Guatemalan Roooh , sa ne veut rien diiiiiire :p 11  you are like one of the nicest girls on twitter  you are so nice and pretty and I love your tweets  x RT  A very cool clip of "Hello"! Check it out! que beleza hein ir pro rio omg , i want some ! :D haha RT  Eating hot cheetos w| cheese :3 please please follow this fan account   Love you xx happiness :D for a day.... -_______- HEY, CHECK OUT T.K.   &  RT & FOLLOW US  THANKS #TEAMTK You're Too Smart For That. A gente vai no shopping jaja loved u on celeb weddin planner! ad of loved u to do my weddin!!!!  x yeah totally, love always is the best medicine RT  #FollowFriday the homie  , nigga did a lot to get where he at so never sleep on em. Str8up ... about the big bang theory :P famous haha i'm disapppointed that you don't know it .. shame emma You got a lot of spooky roads between yours and Pizza Hut then?! :P in class with suvon :p hehe twitter is actually not blocked : yeahyeah I even texted but it's okay I still love yahh Check My DM! Please! done with the orientation now getting my books Gd bye tweeples! you know it. Watch My Cover " Shot For Me " By Drake  & Subscribe If U Want Saluuut :-) Good ty, done with exams now!! Out tonight woop. You good? mwahahaha, I'm good! Hows jezza?!  i feel like i never saw ANYONE today... Its weird... :L RT   Aww thankyou&lt;3 Missy  or at least that was his name :L now its Mista ;) ♥ follow back ? seee johnathan I am the smarter   #wigan4life is worldwide Closely followed by #dontupsettherythm “ Theres a picture! #nervous!!!  &gt;&gt;fair play Josh - welcome to South Wales  RT  Good start to my birthday weekend Just slept through my alarm and I'm not even sad about it....
Oh well back to sleep than! followed  follow back Will do honeybun! I'll text you later! #FF         XOXO I know some people who have felt the movement as early as 15 weeks - not the norm, but possible Corporate : Thanks  ( #occupyfreedomla live at there u go i pushed your follow button :D Skittles tonight Smoking permitted outside...If you have to But preferably do that before you come if you're gonna..or better yet after at  s RT   you're welcome :-) thank you thanksss Preach it bro! Birthday Shout out to  ..Continuous blessings enjoy it to tha max boo :-) RT  :D excited for sunday .. X I never said u were innocent I just said u may not wanna knw :P Whos doing???Your golden husband doctor Christoph Doubtfire I suppose...  massage massage body massage Yup. Smith withdrew it :D Me, myself and I that's all I got in the end, that's what I found out At least im going ina good mood ! :D So looking forward to the match on Sunday :-) go gunners !! heey damn, glad this slow day is about over. im ready to head to the gym and get busy! Watching the little rascals. I love this movieee  #NewGetsOld . :p " Network is bad here..." Ooh right yeah, well thank you Please follow me,you're beautiful  ♥ At my youth club getting bare jokes !!!! :D hahahahaha !!!! RT  RT  Me and   , t her show at the roxy Found my beauty & beau dress!!!!! So happy! RT   australia Making some filthy beats Im addicted to Popeyes red beans & rice : ) Yeah ... I'll be careful. :3 But I'm all right. :D oh my god, it's so long time ago... again :p Happy newyear and merry christmas, lol! :p + ... siiiiii haha, I wish you good luck  Everyone tells me once you have the baby you miss being pregnant though. thanks Close enough :D yepp tyler branstutter think I'm disdained Rocker Gurl 2
I shot this a few months ago and just decided to retouch it this morning. I guess i'm on a roll “  dnt b bullies..” were not  lol Soo Badd RT  Time arranged with girlfriend  my house my bed my punishment can you please put justin bieber's name in the death note Awh I love my boo Rachel RT  RT if you're following me  I'm following the next 3O who follow  &  ! RT if u followed Who Wants An Icon? Just Tweet Me! Aweeeee one puppy down 9 to go. Who want one ? Passed My Exams :D Nothing bored :P You should go sleep. think of his eyes o nose o ma3rf mu after the exam lol no no ,he went to harder level when he was told you are finished player Please pick me?! I'd love a phone call from the boys! [I promise not to fangirl. I'll try my best!]  #MrCelebUK  47 Wouldn't be mad if they announced snow storm everyday...get off work early everyday...sweet hmmm but I take my fee in advance :D hey  can you please follow  she follows all beliebers back! Its amazing how far we've come. Class Mon-Thurs this semester! FRIDAYS OFF :D #pumped get to come home and hang with  more Reading View, Oracle & listening to Mark Serwotka...how much more #uniongeek can you get :-) it's by Guildford :p you ok, sorry about delay... again :/ x no I'm offwow,  he is easy isn't he :D  mwahahahaha miss you too!! soon enough you'll be here again tho  can't wait Tour: Chillin' pa' #CARNAVALIA @ San Souci 4 de Feb feat. #SIZEMATTERS.....:D Steve Angello, AN21 & Max Vangeli :D its an asda love story! I remember when they first got together.  x lol chill :-) haha I'm just trying to work it out  much love for that show though :D xx :p I hope I live to see the end lol Once my home has been renovated and decorated I will start work on my next film :D [Like it?  ] wanna be in our birthday video again? would be great!  please help us, we'll love you forever :D xx Follow me please ? pleaseeeeeeee ! TE AMO (I LOVE YOU ) You are My Life :D , #BELIEBERFOREVER ♥ 23 I'm following :D there comes a point when you've jus gta physically par ppl 4 them to know lol I ' Had Fun Today At , School better know I'm getting one of those cupcakes. Follow back me pleasee   i'm your big fans from Indonesia ;) #42 [Like it?  ] RT  “ Hungry as helllll” go to KFC nigger. :-) what a wonderful day in school :-) Royalty dress very politically & diplomatically, consequently dull. Queen of Netherlands is an exception : ) it's oaky it happened like four months ago; nail is better now but im thinking that length I feel like raisin. Right now my best friend is Vaseline. :D RT  Phil's got one hell of a solicitor! Just like mine :D #Eastenders basketball game this weekend I just asked for a quote :-) what phone u get in the end? And fairrrrrrrrr fair Watching Black Swan :P nope its in cardiff were I'm from :-) It was that good, huh?  Well you can do it all over again tonight! :-) Just The Combos is important bro & melee moves :-) good Mine just 16 and addicted to hair, make up, FB, iPhones etc. We will get through this :-) RT  me and  are lookin' like some fly bitches with our freshly done nails.  #winning calm down breath suprise waiting for you when you get home :D #tehehe noor u just tagged him on facebook so :D Word Imma Have Mad Fun : ) passed EVERY exam with a B or higher  !  Wooooo! :D Thanks! Thanks... You're the Tweetest! Vó lol well pick a place and lets start planning this thing.. :P Kerri!  I miss you boo! is gonna win it!!! Sorry!!!!!! :P I know that her role is going to be much more bigger than in the DH films. And if the series is a sucess, she's going to its outta love. no we had to write a story Because I like my shirt RT  Is there anyone out there that followed me when i was at like 200 followers   if so tweet me On it, boss!  RT   DMing you now. MUST CHECK IMMEDIATELY! welcome to Twitter :D oh, i'm great! actually i'm eating sandwich with almette + listening music. and you? ♥ Night my sugar plum, sweet pea, butter pecan drops! I ♡ You RT  #FF  cause you gotta! Do it do it!! haha ok, thank you! YEAH TAIOO CRUZZ !! :D Blog is updated - CanonGear sale  *SOLD* Man I'm tired , wish I had someone holding me for part two of this nap hey nick, follow back? :-) #canadianICONiacz l0l &lt;3 well done!! :-) Dear chest pain, go away.. Thanks my parents are celebrating their 33rd wedding anniversary today! so thankful to have such fantastic role models in my life Fuck this snow still getting a drink or two tonight ! » Abeg ax am o! E b like say na bcuz him chic like d song :p « RT  Bt Ɣ hate razaq?? (cont) good, i'm glad we got that taken care of  in other news, i fixed my skype!! #wootwoot Sounds right up my street  Cheers. awesome follow me except I couldn't breath. That how funny it was :-) Aching soooo much right now! Hopefully will sleep well tonight Morning everyone ehhhh i doubt i could go D: but thanks for the offer Off to Cleveland for my early bday Assistindo #Chaves :D RT  I love how things are now Joke: What do drama practitioners have for breakfast? … Ready Brecht music video in the snow. ah yeah not funny! :P Lovely evening with Hiya, thought of you when I saw the buses on Oxford Street today! :-) #FF  
She needs to get to 40,000 followers quicktimeeee  &lt;3 The Sons of Pinguins #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin with   and  :D HEY! :D we are massive One Direction fans!!:D Follow us please  xx Hi please nominate  MJ's protege in the #music category on  add because thanks  appreciated ♥ I am Will. What is your name?(; RT   Following Back.! hey thanks! Yea das how good its gn feel  lolRT  Lol that's gonna be quite a dream RT  N den da ... RT  Smile bc it makes you attractive af RT  RT if you're following me  I'm following the next 3O who follow  &  ! RT if u followed lol plus teaching yoga CBA playing it today though  and YES you have to buy it,such a fun game  you got Bluetooth? #FollowFriday  :D Waitin 4 That "Stupid Hoe" Video :D Following you now from "Find Friends" hop a person said to me that i am good in englsich i laugh and say : this was a good joke :D gemma corlee think I'm bluster and vulgarity RT  I just ordered and spoke completely in Poruguese at Starbucks and got exactly what I wanted... #Proud wow what a stunning villa! looks like the perfect holiday retreat to me follow back Toiiiii &lt;3 :p your welcomeyou're a right pretty sod you are. :P nice pic x Lunch with my Faja "dvds" would look odd, but "DVDs" would be ok I think. lmao hahaha but we all love    thats what makes him special xD Haha no shit! We will make it hell holi Once Again Im .. Macc'n totally thought you meant like a shoe boot... Slightly disappointed tbh cos that would have been much cuter :P I am not his big fan. I prefer Norwegians The best feeling in the world is knowing someone can't live without youu oh gosh help me gurl.... :D :D SOUP , CAN'T nd SOMTHiNGq  IM WAitiNGq FOR tHiS CHiCKEN &' FRENCH FRiESS tOO bE dONE . . #nf  & Pisces that is There's a chance to win prizes!!!  Click the article to get details RT  Girl I miss u I just wanna kiss u but I can't so KISS ME THREW DA PHONE I wish I had a tumblr app so I could reblog you on the go Good plan! 6 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  #ecstatic Be Focused :Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible.. Cuddling with lexi always makes me feel better  #lovemypuppy Daddy is playing on eastenders :D Followed! lmao same here! I take its as a compliment tho :D Hahahahhaahah :p I remember i said this too a lil while ago :p ha yes  it's so serious! yeaaaaaah  me vas a deber $10 I hope you mean the fun kind of pissed. :P Have a good evening! Now you're a real tweep.  Yes, amazing. Working on final part of book on site in the Cotswolds. Miss my Thea though. Xo I can't wait till u dye my hair grey :D Eeeeeeeeek super duper excitables 👵 HAPPY BIRTHDAY HUN :D have a good 1!!! haha HEH!! As your guardian I will choose your man for you :P I'm not used to do #FF but she deserves this one because she's an AMAZING girl. Obviously i'm talking about #FF 24.500 Tweet's faltam mais 500 :D #FF they turn into ducks in water RT if you think it would be awesome if Justin wrote a song about us, the Beliebers, on Believe! & I got an interview for a job #goodday #goodnight? :D RT   thanks ;p S/O To Mi New Follower! She a cutie We could say the same about you - #TeamFollowBack Back to school on monday im so happy :D RT    Follow back? Like your icon! perfect, I followed you  .  I also can't wait to chill w|  tonight so we can wild out as always :D ur not going 2 cause ur gonna spend it with me  I love you cameron heehee ^_^ Sat at skittles with the bestieee  :D &lt;3. tweet me lovies yeah sik one, check out brodus clay or funkasaurus, quite joke  kinda like  lol Slutbucket! Wassup?! :D HEY, CHECK OUT T.K.   &  RT & FOLLOW US  THANKS #TEAMTK Got my phone back For real? loved your blog! And glad I had a snack before hand. Although, I'm hungry again now :-) Following back.  “ Now following  (:” RT  Thank God It's Friday! :-) Nap , with music I'm good  how're you? RT  #Imagine Louis pinning you down in the grass after wrestling. He laughs and kisses your forehead, "I win win, Malin." men's vault is tomorrow at 5, just sayin Def had  high as fuck and his belly feeling right for the past few days. Thats just cause im a fab cousin in law to have Due to technical difficulties this morning - your 8-Track points could not be given out. Classic cut is worth DOUBLE today instead!  ~Bre RT  that visii from  that was sweet of her to come by oh yes we will indeedy ...I hope you like him. RT   it's here!! :D Picking up lunch for my preggo bed-ridden friend  (@ California Pizza Kitchen) Thankyou Thanks to kristen i actually have a friday off of work! Island in the Sun  HIP HIP Glad you enjoyed it Gracias! Right back at'cha, love! I'm back twitter  man, was so tired last night that I knocked out. I hope one day  lol Crazy Liz :P  I'm only here for the movie pickle #ShameOnMe Michael Fastbender #evenhisnamesoundsdirty hahahahahahaha dahaktenni :D nothing affects me. #justsaying #notinterested goodnight babe :p ya lame my love  you need to watch sports that's my shit. I could come
Over if ya close to Fresno I could hang
With u Awww so I`m a wee pity follow then :P hahaha! They all count eh? ;-) Please trend #BelieveTourToMiddleEast  30 hey  can you please follow  she follows all beliebers back! Im so happy we dancing at the game tomorrow sounds good! i think i'll do the same..might not last very long! tempted to go out tonight already. seeing the sitter Ohhhh boooo to work :-( I shoul be doing some now but im not :-S Maybe in a few weeks  Yesssss #rollonthesummer its too cold! Jamming out to some   Real Music Speaks no hongbaos but still gonna have cny dinner  not baddd thanks! we need to kick it sometime  RT  #FF  because his tweets are on point and his tattoos are gr8 &lt;3 RT  Aww, I hope later on today goes good hee  do you still want my background? or you are going to make your own? Off to the Pens game! Great way to start the weekend! Sleet and snow please hold off! :-) your puppy has the cutest smile nice night just now , the Dj played 'on the floor' and the bass sound is so perfect . i think my heartbeat just sync with the bass !! :D ikr :( loll we needa talk more often bout crazZayy things lmaoo OMG!!!!!!!!!!!! :DDDDD sooo happy for u !!! Goood  x Thanks & will do :-) love your smile  have a nice day. Lots of Love from Germany dewitt hakim think I'm capricious its fine, i hope you get some more followers from it!! ah right, okay - see you next time you're down thenJonas L.A. .... Just finish... Next week again :-) they've got a  one too :D xxxxx I don't work this weekend or monday haha so prob 24 Hopefully you'll get back this year again too I cant wait till tomorrow! :D Gonna meet Nick Markakis&lt;3 If he is there. Which I hope he is! well, it was my own choice...one I came to regret, after a while :D and probably will regret even more tomorrow XD What's your name? :D WeWantToSeeMileysNewHairCut #FF to   and  :D He's amazing :D The fandom has now created catchphrases for him. Ooh, there's a section on juggling in The Dangerous Book For Boys! Good day! Thought today would be stressful but surprisingly it was actually quite refreshing “  temple run...” all right thank you  and I'm really glad you guys are anti SOPA. I will  ! Yea! Uuu ..Viernesito!!!! aw cool :-) ah brilliant, my friend's booking birmingham so i'll tell her to use that Well my son is a teen now  He was a cute and amazing lil kid, so funny. I'm biased though ;) that's so beaaaautiful! Everyone's dresses are SO formal.. Mine won't be :p My mum would love that! :D I don't, it's just that spilling out the strange contents of my brain will not go down well with anyone :D RT  #FF  &lt;3 My bestfriend. You're always there if I need to talk. We always have fun together. I love you Tgif! : ) after I get school done with  I've already been lookin at places! Lol i love that film I'm well thanks, u? ok thanks  did you hear ashley is sick? perfect song for cruising down the PCH. RT  juicin it uppp , willl do My kitchen will be officially done today!! Finally can cook dinner for the hubby  #housewifestatus Puting pink nailpolish for baby Lolo Love this song Nf ---&gt;  #FB : ) Got a Chinese takeaway for the fam tonight  aren't I lovely ha! if you ever feel like kissing someone...i'm here :D Hope you feel better soon woop finally! My English is not very good but I try and try improve it ! Languages ​​that I know best are Bulgarian and French You've obv never seen anything of Russell Howard RT  "  remember what you do today can improve all your tomorrows. You only live once ... #NEone"-wow! Inspiring! Gonna eat some Burger Mania. :D im humgryy !!! of course! Defo put weight back on!! McDonald's for desert  I now know the real you :P lol Disregard my last tweet. Lighting a bowl in the middle of traffic makes it all better. :D enjoying the beach view If it had more Vikings in it, it would be a saga. :D RT  Watching live stream of  at Sundance! &lt;3 keeps buffering but I am still loving it RT  but that bitch was BAAAD o.0 :p RT  Happy Fuckin Birthday to my young jawnski// little sister  yu could finally come out!! Legally! Ctfu!! :D love yuuuuu!!!!! see me where? RT  RT If your a MCR Fan RT  Happy Birthday Dad, hope god keeps u alive 4 as long as is good 4 u Not in girl talk it's not. It's code for "you think you're right dear, just because I'm nice, I'll let you" :P No worries Bonang cannot dance for shit :'-D but its the cutest thing ever i really like you and your music :D Well I'm going over what's his faces house tonight and sleeping over, im taking care of his sick brother. :-) i already brooo im too lazy #HomeSweetHome  but went to mcdonalds Thanks to snow...I get to miss Slick n Westercamps class!!! Oh okay, never heard of them. :p kraig derousse think I'm consciously and purposely So  i dont think i am going to the game:x if you want someone to be mad at be mad at  :p Ahhh /: mines like browny/blonde so fingers crossed just got to wait till summer holidays  stupid school rules ! RT   U welcome :-) I wish I was wearing this look by Abby Baldwin Hi Alison  Do you run the project on a Thursday that support's the homeless? My walls are purple and zebra and covered in jb and taylor lautner! :D congrats on the baby!!!!! Gimme a s/o I am gonna die today ! I gotta FREAKIN SIX HOUR practice  #FMLIFE ! Indeeeed  my favourite Ben Howard song of all time. Absolutely love it! x Me too !!! RT  #nw ATL  used to watch this movie everyday after school I know hi..please help me to reach 500 followers.. I will follow them back : ) please just tweet about this : ) Despite my Geography exam, and 3 ISA's next week... Life is really good at the moment... yes - it's one of my favourite films :-) though if I try to describe it to folk I usually end up in tears lol, thank you !! :D you are a boy belieber right ? :D following back Happy birthday to my boyfriend  Make sure you show him that  :p hay love i love You Holy Spirit Heading to the  :D Going tanning  #yeahbuddyy RT  Im meeing One Direction in Febuaury and i want to give them a list of fans to follow RT THIS AND FOLLOW ME IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE IN IT everything falling into place : ) Beautiful stuck in the box tune from    #TATW awww damn lol calc is the worst. did you draw pretty pictures on the graphs? :D lol wtf....well that's fantastic :D follow me please hahaha yeah i'm still thinking about it though..lol Oh you are huh? No more running around and spanking other girl's assess anymore? oh well I'm not to worried well if you need anyone to talk to I'm here  x lol Sita don't irritate my baby ;$ she my beauty queen  x is on fire......... This dog is so cutee!! kathlene heinl think I'm volatile and fiery It was ok. Surgeon says the op went well so we'll see. Rather drained at the minute but all be cool I'm here with my best Friend  and we sit both on the computer and we are on tumblr, and i don't know why i write this to her :D RT  Hopefully she cheats on you , Breaks your heart and makes you cry#oomfs thinks she so tough lol sat down ! :D Any ideas? :D Want a mad colour! ;o x I'm so proud of my myself stepping up for my heart good for youuu! RT  lmao i did in  's face  lol sorry nick . RT " Has anyone ever tooted in your face during sex ?" RT  RT  - WHY ARE YOU SO FUCKING GENIOUS?? #AskYAN &lt;&lt; because we can spell! hehe. :D thanks :D were not home right now but when we get back you can!  I texted you earlier. thanks loveee! love you too np yeah girl me 2 man hopefully i will be back very soon but if its not God's will then ima cherish those memories Follow  people! , movies tomorrow : ) RT   please look at this picture??!!  xx Especially all the people that texted me seeing how i was . I can tell you don't feel the same so it's whatever I'm over it Girly night out Best Chinese Ever As Always, Full RT  Who wanna go on a road trip to DC & Baltimore w/me & ill try lol Yeap ! C'est assez rigolo ! :p I've helped two non-erotica people get ebooks started this week too. Showed them the light #FF  ^-^ never thought iwould meet him & idid :D I miss you too! babeeeeeeee. This chinease is lovely :D &lt;3 Starck is in the house! Mira  que bonitísima sala de juntas. :D Casually listening to  with    &lt;3 RT   spotted on this stream. She's fine.  ( #occupyfreedomla live at Not happy my twin isn't going out tonight.. :( Still planning on getting crazy. no problem hello milla i form chile .... i like this movie.. :D congratulacion from Resident Evil... i love it this movie. :D you working so hard to put on your new album #BELIEVE. I'm so excited for it. Can't for the TOUR. #Leggo ! Follow back After being persuaded when seeing him talk in college, i finally bought "Sanctus"  It will be one hell of a book i think :D Thank you bri i love you good good,  and yeahh :D xx cheers pal #eyupfriday Watching old disney movies with b while playing temple run  👍 #ifeellikeachild that's so uncomfortable! And otayy RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly I Know What I'm Doing you can count on me :D xx CALMMMM DOWN vato loco  lol   ohhh be quiet I bet that was the cutest time you had since baby days no yu hoe! yu gtta be acing skl not be doing okay :p a leves are soo fucking long and hard man!! are u defo nt coming trinity den I lovvvve you too! And definitely, we will get together soon and I'll tell you all about it My HTC Sensation is back in action Good,  Amsterdam. You? joking &lt;3 ofc luvie! what'up? :-) Need something to do....  #blah :p “ RT 2 WIN!   Hey  I wanna Get MY Heart On with  in TO PLZ give me tickets! RT  RT and I'll follow you. + I'll put my House on   singing 'Dignity' by Deacon Blue!  ''Set it up, set it up, yeah, set it up again, set it up again, #333 bio: 10 it makes me cry even tho its only 4 words username: 7 icon: 9 RETWEET if you want me to follow you? follow  and i will follow some of you back  RT if you did so i can follow you xx hi..please help me to reach 500 followers.. I will follow them back : ) please just tweet about this : ) Ready for tonight " chillen listenin to cudi with my nigga matt  #bros" you guys at my house ? Lol RT   aww, not as amazing as you though  &lt;3 my hair is looking reem yeah, my 1st time going out after I had her arnt we all  #belieberscomefirst LOL SMILEY FACE RT  #LIFE ♡ . . . missing  a fcuk load though .... My close friend here is addicted to Twitter (: but fcuk it, i love her :D ♡ xx “ I love me some brandy  her music does my soul good” which ever one loads fastest in cydia :P
lol imma just grab a free one Time for  birthday lunch. She wants eggs benedict.  (@ Ricky's All Day Grill w/ He's so damn sexy :D can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . Me toco with her MY DRESS CAME IN :D lol okay get c.o.d ready 5 DMs from N-Dubz and I think 7 tweets,2 from Fazer and a tweet from Tulisa :] you?  xxx aww glad you like ittt Hahaha, that's awesome :P RT  Fuck the weather , I'm still trynna see you :-) offfffffff tayyip :D oh hey there feel free to text me :P LOOOOOL whoohoo so I'm just doing my job follow back please ?? xxx i'm with Erin. She hasnt been to bacolod kaya i brought her here. JJ is also here. Magkasama kami last night :-) RT   thnx okay RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly OMG,  you are very HOT. Please follow me, i'm your number1 Fan :-) How are you ??? :-) RIP Etta James. Your music still is legendary to many.  30 people have read my blog in the last 45 minutes. Thank you!  If you like it, please RT " awwww B ! Love you that was sweet! “  your too pretty u can't have it all  lol”"B bout to smack well if visual studio can't do that stuff then ya I think the bashing is back on I know I love this place I'm here every week your the best &lt;3 I love you :D even if you don't retweet me agreed! I also enjoy sandwiches. Dont follow this account back, follow my other account  instead please, ill follow you on both RT  I just ordered and spoke completely in Poruguese at Starbucks and got exactly what I wanted... #Proud darnell nasworthy think I'm 118. Customized LOVE your icon & your tweets  xx s/o to my newest follower ,  :D following back (: Listening to my fave songs to get into a hyper mood :D Robin S ♥ my bf is being boring and taking ages in the bath -_- #pft #dancealone yes can't waittá  HSMForeverInOurHearts thanks :D  i've been lucky to get to go back so often, hope you can go there soon too sowyyy ! i totally forgot about it ! this week ? Yes I have one guyfriend, he's older tham me in 3 yrs but I adore him. He has lot of respect 4for girls & he knows what he's talkin about  “ Ashley's cat not technically Awww sore throats are hell D: get well soon! I've been in school.... Unfortunately D: buhh i'm good  Finally you put my love on top anong kakagaling mo lang?? LUL kattweet mo lang around 30mins ago that you have a freaking fever kaya. =)) yep none. :D :D do a little dance you will be fine mate RT  RT and Follow  an amazing CHARITY for sick children. Charity has been set up by Meg a poorly 16 year old  ! ! well that's what I was saying...that it's cool only us knew about them. now people from all over the world do :P if you could check out my mw3 montage #5 would mean so much that is very kind of you and I appreciate it so much!! RT  I just ordered and spoke completely in Poruguese at Starbucks and got exactly what I wanted... #Proud im free on sunday I now have my 4-year-old cousin using the phrase #RealTalk, she even does the hand gestures :P lol Here is the video for Brother in Arms from the live session with Zane Low.
Enjoy !! :D
-P Denada!! RT   thanks & tomorrow morning:( boo. No one to complain to i guess lol goodnight RT Have you checked out the new  yet? Well if no you should! I dont know about TV, but I'm watching it online :D you HAVE to watch it soo good!!!! Please trend #BelieveTourToMiddleEast  47 they show mad love a must follow :-) Look in the mirror, the calender and what I've been tryna achieve LOL That's soooo sweet omg ella XD was that predictive text changing the word melon or are we just being posh for no reason? :P xx RT  Hitting  in the evening for a drink and maybe a dance lol. Who's coming???? :-) lol you wrote 'simon' haha and samess, so fluffyy! :D OOOOO, nerd nerd nerd , :P Atleast someone who cares about future :] you go boi! =P take a break its dam weekend &lt;3 :-) zeroseveneighttwoseventwofiveninesixninesix  someone is weird if they want to read that and prank me #getalife Niall ,

will you please follow me ? 

im going to the belfast concert in 6 days  xoxox hopefully  I'll just have to run to graphics and save them on monday haha #salute to all my new followers!! *waves hand* I see yal  #teamfollowback Awhhh I seee. :D :D We choke so good na ? :P #SAvsSL okayy and you text me too I like to be kept updated  x I see! Well have lots of fun and take too many pictures Happy Friday everyone! Trivia in about an hourish  ~Esme~ I walk silently and calm as possible and u still MAD he checking me out. So guess WHAT!?!! Imma bounce & wiggle fa y'all both! Hehe My second ever bout! And what fun it was.  were impressive tonight. The newbie Uaine Fa Junior is a revelation isn't that normal? :p True that RT  So 4 people Unfollowed me -__- wait until I get home yall asses is as good as BLOCKED! :p S'almost time to go maximo palisi think I'm helpless Hahaha....... I never thought of it going that way. I usually get thirsty EXCITED!!!!!!!!! :D lol a few words and when I'm with her what she can and can't do My Juice looks so cute RT   follow us and share for a chance to win an Ipad 2 next week  xx COME JOIN ME! :-) Lol well SHIT!! You looking good Bre. lmfao nawl i didnt doe, and i see you frands w/hoes i dont like bitch bounce ctfu my pleasure that's an expensive habit.  Hopefully it doesn't happen very often :-) My puppy is the cutest I KNOW &lt;3 Say hello to Riley thanks man :D will watch it tomorrow. going to take a nap before Fringe starts everyone vote for my very talented artist of a friend angela :D dont ask, just do it!xxxx thanks  love you!! hehe thanks for both :D and.... sweet luke was another adorable 6 month old we got to play with today We expect we will have extra spots closer to the event - keep an eye on this feed & the emails from #SMWTO :-) Dont follow this account back, follow my other account  instead please, ill follow you on both i follow you on twitter. That's it lol come to my house and help me wash my car!! Pleaseeee i hope you see my tweets!  love you! :P yeah we need to aim for hen do and that gives us plenty time too :D x Please pick me?! I'd love a phone call from the boys! [I promise not to fangirl. I'll try my best!]  #MrCelebUK  59 It went pretty good. I should be fine on test day, thanks for asking awesome hehe HI GEMMA, CAN YOU FOLLOW ME ? LOVE YOU  X How many people?  Good Luck! but time is a progressing element, where a deadline is a fixed point. Up towards you, or out away from you on a time scale ROFL!!! THERE YA GO! Could also post pics of kids holding payouts, but I wont :p mayby next tym  - im gutted! i thought it was ma sister messing about :p lol I cant blooming wait to watch new girl..its on in 3 mins :D such an amazing actress, remind me of my best friend :D xx Since I'm not homeless any more, there are some BIG and exciting  changes coming to DSR. Think Podcast. :-) Done" Am gwud boss!!now following...kindly follow back  " Hey...how is ‎​U̶̲̥̅̊ ?"  Hi""" yeah,, that was a nice play with words :p #Batman haha can't believe mom thought u were going to wear red!! Bless her Just so you guys know, you might not be in the first few parts but you will come into it over the course the fic RT  SOPA Is Dead...Yeah babyy :D All thanks to  and her efforts ;D Well I've been spoilt this wk. Come home 2 more cards & really lovely pressys! Great wk :D Pity I've got an early start 2moro tho. Hey ho! RT  My new nail art tutorial for "White Leopard Print Nails!" is up!  Watch it, let me know whatcha think, & SUBSCRIBE! i will RT  ` didnt see him /: im dumb.
but made   some eqqs  :D RT  You lost my trust? Don't expect it back : ) yu already knoe doe sistaah !  #20 for life I'd almost pay to see you in a pair... LOL  even more to see you run in a pair.....LOLaww thank you : ) &lt;3 welcome ! yay i LIKE it :D look who else liked it ;) thanks :D WHAT IS A GOOD WEBSITE TO WATCH MOVIES ON?!?!?!? :P i saw ur new video for #thankyou IT'S GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!  waiting for ur new album :D And what time should I arrive? RT  Im thinking spaghetti & garlic bread 2day.. Loved my posh tap water tonight I like anyone who has real person tweets, which you do! And we have Niche Prof in common too #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin electric light penguin One dream.One site.One click.One award. One direction..thousands of directioners!! Let's bring that Brit home!  RT GUYS :D RT   thanks  443 RT  #1256 Biebs is hot on your icon haha and sure im gonna follow you back trip with the boyfraaaaan  he never goes to la so ima show him wassup with it. She's mine tho RT  She's mine tho RT   fall back this is all me woman RT   #MakeItShine & #FreakTheFreakOut me recuerdan a ti   Happy birthday Justin! Everybody has their own little secret... :D follow back :D Believe Tour To Brazil The last few hours in links  (January 20th, 2012 from 11:00 to 14:15) I saw u today outside ur house :D I was secretly stalking u ;) jinx I asked you first!! Home come over 1st place in region! Next up: State!!  #woohoo An hour of CNN will change that!  RT  I regretablly have to state that I am not the most politically informed person. RT  i guess its tedey house & deejack kick back tonight  &lt;----	it'z breeJack kick baq, Loser lol Dude where are you from! i swear to god i love your TWITTER! follow me back please adalberto rotolo think I'm discouraging and distressing LOL this made me smile :D #fammo &lt;3 you're very welcome! of course you guys are invited :-) still have to plan it! But Sab you don't need an invite to come hang out! Lunch, Shower & Chilling With My Sister So sorry about that :P r u n houston yet last night u said u will b here n the afternoon it dosent matter where u live, u can still watch it :D I'm feeling Extremely Shexxyyy!!! Its Friday tho!!! It starts and ends with #SEXnMoney :D I just got it like that hahaha i just love that #inbetweenersDance :D haha can't stop watching .,i wanna go to the mall today but early tommorrow would be better Ahah I just can't. Too honest  (and someone call this 'being stupid', oh well, points of view :P) Hahaha, you're right!! :D dress is lovely. Ok hun  xxxx BOFL'ingggggggggggggggg !  &lt;3 hahaha 'grote ' sharda :D You know, I doubt that will help... But i could send you my suicide story... :P the Love  : ) aww :/ You could try tweeting them to go there  x 7421732142. folowed you on tumblr, follow back? happy days sounds good!   What happened your last job anyway? Yeah im not a fan either haha have one in london in feb :( #fun I got two classes w/imani & kiah it's healthy lucky atleast you don't gotta wear big ass boats lol :p Ooooh ! Thanks U very much !!!!!!! :D niiiiiiiiice !  Love ya ya ya ! &lt;3 #Utoofavoritetennisgirl ! I'll bet the #epicconfusion line will be a lot more epic by the time I get there. can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . Ngakak tp not bad lah nyonteknya RT  I also really love you and do not live me  RT  Love you so beib (ɔˆ ³(˘⌣˘c) .. mark please follow me On the way to bowling with everyone HAH!  Glad I could help and if it were on a ribbon I'd wear it proudly so my dad drove up here frm north carolina to come see his grandbaby. lol #HowSweet endless followers today nee is niks mis mee No! I need for you to get it together :-) LOL, I've always knew how :D And Ohh, sorry. I didn't see (: Extreme Makeover: Home Edition :D " i fully read that as "my nude ex" hahaha “ My nu dex    even better!!! :p good look you will blow the roof off  rt love ya  xxxx thanks bitch ! Guess I will go to the game tonight !  RT if ur going haha it's the curse of not being in a foul mood for once :P ah yeah sure i don't mind what i get:D lifes too short to worry about little things!! and a bit, yeah..  x hello how are you? :D I'm fine xD Im missing you too RT  The Q&A  just conducted was very insightful. Real good stuff. Thanks a lot Nf When i get home i watch a load of J.Wale videos. i freaking love this guy --&gt;  hes legendary &lt;3 :D .. P.s iwant a poster :O I love having the house to myself  w/     #MyHomiesForeeal RT  I love  sooooo much latricia hayman think I'm sustained and measured RT  thanks to my bestfriend  for fixing my phone :-) Gonna watch 'Hodejegerene' now. Anyone that have seen it? :-) gertie think I'm decrepit SOPA is dead! Hell yeaaaah! awh shucks At lunch with melanie, lyssett and dezi :D talking about random stuff haha girl I got 6 and counting to ! Me to :( my brother had her class and was like she's mean I was like yu just don't no her ! Had an awesome meeting with good people today. The future is looking bright :-) thanks ¡Listening to #ontheredbox en Sol! Meeting now. Will reply to tweets in 30 mins. cheers mate :-) :D " "O_O Sheyi_: E dae increase sperm production??? " Nice belt""" I did know  you're the best mom ever &lt;3 yessss!! :P leave me alone I can't believe we're only 6 months old! We'll be sure to have a massive giveaway when we hit the bit 1 year! :D I'm sorry! Thank you for calling me by my last name! I love that haha I know.. I'm weird NopeHi, Reece could you please ⒻⓄⓁⓁⓄⓌ talented LA singer  & CheckOut #CrashIntoMe  #THX Follow me please ? pleaseeeeeeee ! TE AMO (I LOVE YOU ) You are My Life :D , #BELIEBERFOREVER ♥ 6 :p RT  Now  av too sleep with an empty stomach,. Can't start d new semester with garri Boyz N the Hood is a treding topic Ready for tonightttt  #justputadrinkinmyhand wussup RT  Congrats!!! RT  I got my internship!!!!! I start next week #whoot whoot! what did your friends do?I hope not...we need to be strong :D you're welcome eating Ethiopian foooood :D My morning workout was great Will someone just scoop out my whole lower organs, then I may be in less pain My boyfran is so attentive he text me consouling me in the situation I'm in.... NOTT ».« & #please don't say yu were, keep tweeting used to live in North East so I know so well and still missing RT    Hey. Please follow back? Gosh, i love your twitter. &lt;3 happy birthday to my best friend  even tho i told you already  have fun bae &lt;3 Hahaha!!! So true, Buddy...so true! Love ya! :-) Got Lanards birthday gift!! Hope he likes it all  2 weeks till I see him RT  FLAVOR FRIDAYS, $4 Rockstar Vodkas from 8-11 EVERY FRIDAY! Until then, bring the familia down for fajitas!  #SandbarChandler wearing one of my new sweaters.  informs me i look "digital" due to the pattern of the sweater. #awesome :D Please pick me?! I'd love a phone call from the boys! [I promise not to fangirl. I'll try my best!]  #MrCelebUK  64 Ok  ill find it & send it 2 ya no hun not on tumblr Went to go visit  in her p.e class :D RT  Robert Smith almost performed a song with Deftones. I love the connection they have with the cure RT  #FF  After birth :p need look 4 man that look like this hehe love her bit ♥ Simple Best ♥ RT  My 6.000 tweet goes out to: my TONTA!   And to these sweet girls :D hey!! love your profileee :D :P can u please follow me?? &lt;333 xxx What is the worst thing that can happen now #SAvsSL :P I liked a  video  Ayuda al Internet :D ( pequeño aviso ) RT  The Original "Murder She Wrote Song" someone annoying or objectionable due to being a showoff or attracting undue attention to oneself :P S/o To My Gorgeous Egyptian ND Dominican Mamy   She Wass My 1,000 Tweet LOl :D   #2000beforeFeb i wanted the white ones but they get so dirty :( you should get the navy  xxxx oh, good!  any plans for the weekend? #thingsthatannoyme When someone tries to tell you what you said. :p yesssss just remembered Hustle is on tonight :D it was nice to meet her uncle Dee Yaaaay, New Girl then Hustle :D dank ya :-) I stayed to my promise, only got a dress and lingerie  proud of myself, even tho I spent a small fortune lol cheer up shveediam VERY nice… Didn't realize you had a sis… RT   true...unless she wearin a dress Orange park mall later . 
 text me. :D next week... IOWA!  #missyou Haha no, sounds horrible lol :-) Still love Paul though, he is funny! " And I'm finally up!" Me too dear everything will be fine you will see  in general we all have our destinies so will be like it has to be, warm angel hug Thank you very much  xx RT  Some of the questions answered I've already sung your praises to Twitter and beyond for my willing brainwashing I love to be the center of attention Auction off a OOAK camera strap to support a friend's daughter who is fighting cancer. Please take a look and RT! Someone like you 8'  xD HEY! :D we are massive One Direction fans!!:D Follow us please  xx For oncve its not u who's confused it me :p how's it goin yeah she starts Monday  & oh AWSOME was the movie good? nope! More of boobs. heyyy  followback okay! :D no problem. i know :p Stomp stomp i ve arrived!!!!!! HELLO. LANDAN! I am back in town  #woooo I'm in bed already RT  More sex , good weed & no stress RT  #AquariusSeason is here :D #TeamAquarius we're ready! Let's go!!♥ With my babiesss! have a great weekend as well nooo problem  I just donated earlier! That was a terrible sentence. Well, you know what I meant. My head is everywhere just now :D RT  #FF my newest Michigan follower I totally get it. How I wish I could squee out loud about work stuff sometimes. Can't. Just happy my friends are doing well. RT  I just ordered and spoke completely in Poruguese at Starbucks and got exactly what I wanted... #Proud Big smile, John! Thank you. i'm so happy to party again today O: HIGH HEELS WOOP WOOP :D good point.....microsoft word is now open for business. #FF good shit :P Tweeetweetwetweeeeet :P bol şanslar o zmaan size MIKE! :D ( live on where's my tweet Nyte syg.I love you , Follow Back! oh Kim, thank you so much for your kind words. Sad we didn't get to grab drinks before leaving town... Cheers in spirit! #NP - Think Like a Man / Jennifer Hudson ft. Rick Ross & Ne-Yo &gt;&gt;&gt; if i calculate my nap time since yesterday evening till ths morning.. I have been sleep for 8 hours.. wow,,it's good dess! :D #ralat Thanks thanks.  #Purple like I been tweeting for years hahaha SINGLE ....  BUT NOT LOOKIN can you follow back luv? For every follower im going to donate money to charity  please? ♥ #keepitcoming gives me goosebumps  RT I'M READY!!!!!!! :D RT  Thinkin' of a master plan|MARCH MADNESS| RT " Live must end now & then.. 8Mile :D :D :D :D." &lt;-- Does  like the smell of His own Farts... find our answer---&gt; LOL Yes he is. I almost jumped thru the tv the other night watching his show thought u said 5:15 RT“ Omw to  house ” ThankYou! I love that picture of Kelly Clarkson she looking amazing good luck  your amazing! I loved Drunk waaay before I saw Harry in the video, just because he's in it doesn't make it any better.. Ed Sheeran's + is UNREAL !least he's keeping it a bit lively lol! yesssss and weightless hi..please help me to reach 500 followers.. I will follow them back : ) please just tweet about this : ) #STF time Another boring Friday, roll on tomorrow Boleh :D RT  Mau.. :D RT  They love tiramissu made by me :3 scottie think I'm out of tune watching #letterstojulliet  Italy is so picturesque, it's increasing my desire to go back and visit! haha me too  *confused* btw follow back? RT  I'm having a WONDERFUL day so far! : ) ` Imm Baack Onn Heree : ) Very cool  Thank you! only you would walk around CVS with no shoes on hahaha  I love youu!! #yourapunk It's not finished yet, but it'll be on the BC frustration page when it's done  I'll link it when it's posted Mood: Happy thank you for the link  i never heard her at the radio before Just go! Fuck it if you can get a pic with K Griff that's all that matters :D Everyone get online on the Million Pound Drop game and connect to Facebook and we can all play against each other and I'll win yaaaayyy!! Our teacher already gave us a test -___- goodnight! :D well it was a bit of banter so sorry if you can't take jokes.. :p Lord knows I love yours. Todays schedule starting now; Work out , loads of hw , then hopefully get drunk  lol -I will RT   have fun :-)  Ok :D ton imagination va trop loin laa Puce ! #StopIt your welcome thanks for mine :-) RT  #SOPA and #PIPA have been dropped for now! :D Hit the stanky leg! #13millionapplause RT  My husband's care package  Sending him all the junk food he can eat. Lol. He loves candy &lt;3 I should certainly hope so! aaah...lovely... cagney n lacey  x x My friends know me too well shopping timee RT  You gotta be able to tell ya man you swallowed the kids tho #TeamAquarius♒ . . where y'all at ?? woooo you finally got a twitter! Suck it!!! :P hi beautiful!! how are you? I hope you're fine  xx they are amazayn :-) :-) :-)  I find this awsome haha it might snow tonight!!!!!!!  #superexcited hey I'm a big fan of urs  can u tweet me please :D don't be  you'll be fine, its in your nature Thanks!! Wet and flooded and windy! But, hey! It's Oregon!  RT   hope the weather is ok out there! nah but you're missing our chat on tiny :P I sooo have to go and  in Rock Of Ages, it looks AWESOME! :D RT  sucha whore RT  Lacole cutting up tonight The view when I stand up on my porch :D :-) good peki canim #newgirl  laveee it!! You are the very definition of Adorkable. :D (Also, this is neat!) RT  #1717143 roc or prince & your beautiful :D Its friday....... So happy nd it feels so good outside good way to start the weekend :p I juss saw that Yup, exhausting they are O_O But I'm not going to complain, I chose this road and so far it isn't that bad Really love this comment  Yaa baby that's right :D Xx Happy birthday  , we see u cool! They are $10, let me know if you still want one  and yeah I know Hima, what a small world!! RT *blue coconut   Im craving sonic.,!!!  Well just an ocean water.! that's just a random name :-) I'm getting into the shower now omfg hahaha its never that serious plzz don't be that kid RT        TY2 Kaye and All!! Let's carry this GR8 wk into the weekend!  :-) Bout that time for a nap  Be back later RT   idcccccc, freedom of speech athhhhwhole yaa : ) we'll talk about it on the bus 👍 Bless ya darlin, lots of love Nana Pat xx RT    - you need to follow when you comin to pv? Ive always wondered if you can sing? haha hey baby! It's in your account right now! Let me know how it's goes! Love u millions!  xxxxxxxxx mit neuem Design online :-) RT  #NowFollowing   my new favorite white girl lol!! I was jus abt to make a tweet sayin where is my bf I wanna cuddle! Lol! I'm still do it jus for YOU! :-) 30 mins and then all the #cbb shite starts hey  can you please follow  she follows all beliebers back! that really made me feel better alright  lol Aww hope ur having an amazing time  follow me please, will mean alot xXx Imma be a proud Tee-Tee of three cant wait to see what girls are having so i can start buying RT  #Taurus women will heighten their sexual experience by utilizing their 5 senses - sight, hearing, touch, smell and of course - taste Okay Email: Charlottemalone :D Ok&lt;3 dont throw up on me :p shez gone now :-) I love you lol! Neilina sounds good Jaimi :p aiins la fotinee de roon 
te encantaa :D
querotee maips YVW! ♥ have a fantastic weekend~! Mm'! RT  At Last by Etta James is thee most romantic song ever haha me too, I was laughing so I had to put it somewhere good afternoon my beautiful babies okay thanks for the reassurance :P Lol, I just bought AlcoholHarmony! :D hey you  pottele...aekwoekaow :p yeh I want  to win  most genuine lovely person  as long as she dsnt go im happy bt shes safe :-)  xx I love the way I smell after I tan i got my 1st tweet from   :D need her n fazer n dappy followin me now it gunna b a #HardJob let us know if you prefer visitors tonight or tomorrow. We're anxious to meet the little monster of course following, btw i loved ure video with Harrison SEND ME YA ADDRESS SO I CAN SHIP YOU YA PACKAGE im such a biiiiiitch. but.. i cnt help it if honesty makes me oneRT  Hot wings & kool aid Any chance of getting freelish.us back any of these days? (I don't mind waiting, just please say «yes» :-) #identica You wanna know who is cute and got a gorgeous smile ? Read the first word again I was able to sleep go last night just because I heard his voice.. whats Up yes i do Ill try!! I'll text ya when I'm on my way Work today, but i'm off Saturday so i'm good currently reading pedagogy of the oppressed by paulo freire...a book that was banned in arizona...i understand why.. :p omg im soo soo happy .i will get ur magazine from ebay soon thanks! :D better late than never, as the saying goes RT  RT if you think it would be awesome if Justin wrote a song about us, the Beliebers, on Believe! Never regret something that once made you smile. it's my background, im allowed it :P kthanksbye xx tweeting and playing Temple Run  you? 3:30pm = HELLO WORLD! your do great as ever, don't be nervous  xxx Liz, we're excited to have you start! We'll see you soon. I believe you sit near me.... :-) Hey loser  lmfao *hugs back* Americans are #AMAZING  skiing soon!! #lesgets RT           ...thanks Babyboo!!! I love Arizona on Grey's Anatomy!! I cannot wait for next week! Keep up the GREAT work  #hugefan she's like 2 cm's tall and barely says full sentences, yet she recreated a typical movie scene. Yeah, I think we do :D "Awwwww how sweet!!!" I know, I know :P do all the time babes. No difference no need to hide it anymore,  and the reason..well what's not to be jel!? Ahaha! :P well, in my head she does :p Molly Rose - Brand spankin new right on time for ladies day  (Heh! She said spankin.) RT  RT this if YOU want to help ALL #Earth(lings) ... we follow and tweet a TY4RT shout-out for YOUR first RT of the day of any of our posts hey  can you please follow  she follows all beliebers back! “ The production on all of Michael Jackson's songs is so flawless” ||  :D   word. awwwwww   seriously is the best banter ever #luvsit&lt;3 okay !! its such an amazing line up ! hope you guys can come ! its only one night ! so not too expensive - ;o Haven't spoken to you in a while, haha 
So many name changes! Sure I will. Heading over now! &lt;3 Happy Birthday :-) Happy Birthday  :D New girl time! :D such a good show :D listening to backstreet boys and n'sync songs :D Counting the minutes before the last workday before... Two friggin' weeks off!!!! Yeah just got home  hope you had fun today (and at the office). But some people still really need SOAP!! Thanks Bassar! :D Thank You For Keeping Me Positive  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx RT  #FF to My friends in the world :D      love u all :D thanks! how cute  thanks girlie, means a lot!! cool I pass by there a lot let us see but don't make me get the Jackson 5 on you! : ) Georgia  do you like one direction Thank you! It was taken from a 20's themed dinner theatre fundraiser Can you tweet me? please i love you so much  76 thanks  I need to add something just don't know what. You can helps me? Thanks for my curls you tweeting about #phpbnl12 so much made me realise how badly I want to go there. Not possible saidly :P under your cat all I do is "play around" with them according to you so it can't be my job :p follow back RT  #AquariusSeason is here :D #TeamAquarius we're ready! Let's go!!♥ Happy Birthday  don't forget mine on the 31st #iwantaBarlow Hi please nominate  MJ's protege in the #music category on  add because thanks  appreciated♥ well then, you're silly ahh would love a phone call from the boys!!! :D 10 Thank you! :D That made my day don't that mean I'm even 
More amazing? Like us! We like YOU   Fun | Events | Adventures | for #Lesbians and their peeps! #Travel - Great pic of me and  at CA Adventure Disney park yesterday for my birthday Important game for #colu tommorow could end the day anywhere between 10th to 17th. Hopefully a win & finish the day in 10th! Justin: She is beautiful. Ryan: She has pretty eyes. Chaz: and a
nice smile. Kenny: and she's sweet. #SelenaGomez It's about Selena I can't wait to go to be honest :D Looking forward to your on 9th June ;) xxx thats good RT   followed  xx but gangj I definitely shall try  post a pic when you get yours done!! I loveeee tats Country music is a favorite,but I bet your good in the shower  had to bite my tongue,on that one I know u only follow very few of what are following u. I'm not more special than everyone else..but please Follow?  &lt;3 Eeeeeeekkkkk! Soooo excited :D     &lt;3 Love you girlies! Getting the Lebrons This weekend , yeaa Buddy Happy Birthday  Hope ur day has been fabulous and continues to be! Gettin a nice inside and out car cleaning from Terrence  #loved lol obvii :pfollowed TROOOP cool !!!!! #FF to one of the best actors ever RT   he gave us points for showing up to class today cause no one showed :P COSMOS finally decide wht i want breaon theme too bee thss ha fav any way : )  tulisa I can't wait to hear your album to be honest  is it ur solo album or with ndubz? Loveyou xxx Can you tweet me? please i love you so much  81 Thanks  RT  Oomf is a cutie I'm so excited !! :D omg.. I'm getting nervous o: Aww dads going to gizmos for me Yeah....SOPA IS DEAD :D “ with absolute sincerity, belief, and conviction I say   is the business to watch for 2012 #Beep”

We agree :D no problem :D thanks! And I like Yur twit pic! Starting to board did you like the movie?!??!?!?!? :D haha amaizing now i know how to have the perfect hair Everyone at this showcase is asking me what do I do and it's not my showcase, but I let em know the deal! haha free time should be highly valued  thank youuu! RT  FLAVOR FRIDAYS, $4 Rockstar Vodkas from 8-11 EVERY FRIDAY! Until then, bring the familia down for fajitas!  #SandbarChandler How are you Alyssa?  What song are you going to sing at #teenhoot ? New Girl time. :D I'm done with school It's alright. I'm happy to have boring weekends.  Means I can lean more of my German  xx giving yourself a #ff because you're just the best :-) Well, you're already cool at the very least :D Red Tails was an amazing movie! Happy Birthday Madison Phillips! I just posted that too :D jae tafiti think I'm cramped and distorted Please pick me?! I'd love a phone call from the boys! [I promise not to fangirl. I'll try my best!]  #MrCelebUK  74 Cold. Goin to Mcdonalds w. Wife out for the rest of the night :D Hey thanks!!    I didn't live in Kitsap then, so probably didn't pay any attention!!  haha!! In front! New swimwear range..  yeah thought as much. At least we have #takemeout to look forward to! I guess it was the moment for me to show up kyle alghamdi think I'm first-class very excited to hear you and  arghhhh :D xx Photo: Mint chocolate cupcake  (Taken with instagram) Awh thankyou  Going to get ready for the show because its on Sunday  xox illest b*tch around flawless and brown! RT  Harvestaaaaa        and other people without Twitter :-) RT   haha I like that pic that u uploaded earlier RT  Today was one funnny day u working this weekend Thnks  RT  Never seen them colors. They crack.. RT  Cute :D Running just a few minutes behind! Almost there. NF thee prestigious  followback That looks FILTHY. I love it.  xx BUUUUT essex is wonderful so my vote is for c*lchester You.are.ugly. but I love u I think this is the first friday ever this year I havent done any work when I got home. I LOVE FINALLY RELAXING Woop. Just three more weeks Happy Birthday to my wonderful, accomplished hubby   It doesn't get any better than you. Enjoy your day! haha well thanks for giving me an expected laugh when its needed  justin mi amor, we need Believetour in spain  Te amo mucho cariño &lt;3 follow me &lt;3 22 BELIEVE TOUR TO ITALY
please follow me  &lt;3 haha that made me laugh! Next time he has a bogey or something in his teeth keep quiet! RT  The movie "the vow" looks so good! I wanna see itttttt  #chickflicks Haha Wasnt it though? If u think that was sweet wait till this WM. Its gonna be entertaining! My boyfriend is the cutest Let's make a party!!! SOPA Is Dead toi mm wousse RT  Rules for texting a girl:
1) Don't take 40 minutes to reply.
2) Use good grammar.
3) Ask questions.
4) Use the  face Haha , Nah Not You lol its funny thank u! gina my sister y fer su boyfriend :p I try too. To bad more people aren't like you. For some reason, it was just what I needed today. :-) at least I have my witty sense of humour, because I've lost everything else. :-) RT  RT“ "   RT If Your Bisexual  "” thanks. I appreciate it. aww yeah sure why not :D x New Girl time :D wow hope you are RIGHT :p as he should be Hah flirting with my biology teacher  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; owkeeey Damn dis cuddling weather foreal doe !!!

#CuddlingSeason okay :D thanks! Laaa ada sticker ke takda ke, I know and sure that I bought it from you guys! Not other bakers ;) #FF  'cause he's cooooler then cool :p It's so funny to RT someone's tweet..hehe :p Thanks for the #FF nah-ah!!!:( I can prove it about to have a good night Yay . I got my W-2  Tax money .... come to papa lol Yeahh iriss welcome @ my life.. :p anytime :D x lol :D im inviting myself to idk wut lol haha I'll try and say it next time. Sounds like a plan Super woman Wilma! Where were you going anyway? well well sef! #alhamdulillah once more! Its all going on!!! Amazing things are coming. I'm very proud  x No bother! :D Glad to hear it  ^JD Nothing interesting in #BeirutHotel ... Ok, except her right boob :P Facebook... Twitter.... I am back... :-) #fb happy early bday, :D I'm 17, to be 18 in mayNew debit card....gas tank full. And I&#39;m off early....NYC what you got for me this weekend RT  :D cuz I just got home from scholl. Woke up at 6:10. :p Your welcome  x I dville gurls dey kno how 2 party haha  that's A for effort! Haha lets hope! hey  can you please follow  she follows all beliebers back! exactly what we were talking about at our roundtable!  Kinda hoping they'll favor former teachers : ) Little kids are a trip! One of the most challenging parts is not cracking up when you need to be stern yeah but Shots is from awhile ago and I haven't heard anything from him in some time. elaborate  #mattanddestineytakecompton Follow mee please!!?! It'll make me forget about my aching feet!!  #3 Matching You're welcome Omg I found a hello kitty tongue ring, sum that say obscene things, & glow in the dark ones 4 the lo...can't w8 till I get paid In fairness, this one of the few late 80s flick I can date... there were a lot of drunken videos night back then I can't tell you how relieved I am that Brock is doing so much better  #happytweet aww thanks  I was Bouta change it but since u said dat im not lol nothing lol that's only for a matter of a few days. You will look beautiful I may have bought a bottle at the pub good! can't wait Hey if you've just followed me tweet and I'll follow back  xx Ahh I know I got the email!!! Gonna be so amazing! :D xx Love yours too ) it's a great name, isn't it!! RT  New followers   follow them Tell me about it :P RT  Damn dis cuddling weather foreal doe !!!

#CuddlingSeason cod and chipssss loool geraldo think I'm benevolence and candor Sitting outside  it feels so good👍 u too  ttyl tmrw Lls Cuz It's FAT  RT" Tell me why these girls just took a picture of my ass... -____- like are you good.." Shamrock yeah, I know I've been offered help. Even Scott tried to help but it was easier to do myself You weren't!!!Really!!!! cheers man. all i can really say at the moment is its my first paid project in a while. Hey Brother when u come to Indonesia,i will see you. I fancy her RT          thanks for the #FF :D avalanches-inmyheart replied to your post: Oh. My. God. Thanks for following  › Well, I can’t believe you... Splendid! I'll drink to that! :D At the eye doc with tabby. Her dock just said "mo'betta" My mama paid my bill y'all  I ain't have to spend a dime Actually excited about tonight , ain't been out in ages !! Feel like I'm 18 again RT   get ur tix now for the #flavaoflovetour  performances by   and more! RT please?  x yess  what are you up to ? good luck tonight ladies! No need to apologise for linking what you like :-) lmao! we will guide you in the right direction. you'll be French in no time  ♥ kk I'll check it when I finish eating Who's got diarrhea? RT  Forever21 sometimes resembles explosive diarrhea to me.  // yum yum Diversity “  Hi, would you be kind enough to follow our club and RT?” Looking forward to following your progress :-) #FF        Top tweeters! :-)   via hahaha no worries  x alright cool, ill def text you later  muahhhs ! cant wait to see your face!!!!!!!!!!! I'm trynnna have some fun tonight. Haha yo they showing a brutha Love :-) None of our English radios are playing Million Bucks yet Follow me please  xXxXx ♥♥♥ freak. Happy birthday also to  little brother can you sign this please? it would mean a lot.♥ thanks  tell me if you did i'll give you a shoutout. hey  I'm a member of bhb and didnt get the password...can u help me though ? give it to meeee RT  Frank Iero Dances in the Strobe lights :D  #FrankFriday lol thanks But y bikini then..? :P Kennyyyy  Happy Birthday Sahnn!! Have It Up Follow me or you die ! :O ... ? #IJoke convinced yet? :D Aw:') me too:P RT   love you :D RT   look so cute when she sleeps Rainy day brings it the best mood? My group is so happy today! #happyfaces Baby sitting= 6 hours of free food, phineas and ferb and horse& country tv :D Help to put EUROPE WANTS BELIEVE TOUR in TTWW? your welcome :D &lt;3 hahah i dare ya creepers RT      are awesome girls. I love them. even though it was long ago, I remember how to get there thou shalt be blessed :D Hi Rafa! Favourite player is Romario, and first goal for the Dutch National Side was 7 September 2003  #Rafaquestion good , i have seen only the trailer :D Justin please follow me  I made my twitter just for you. From Argentina.TE AMO returns to ARGENTINA. everyone follow  she is totally in love with 1D, Justin Beiber, Frankie Cocozza and Austin Mahone!! Follow follow follow! :P LOL!.... He's sexy and he knows it :P :LLL xxx Thankfully, SOPA is over or, at least, postponed. Como diria Raul, deu mosca na sopa joooo the voice hooligans ! Hows life achter de beeldbuis ? :D SOCUTEEE RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss RT  “ I need to get up on my accessories .” they really make an outfit : ) I know  I think its all got a little bit epic!  The blond has grown on me, btw Love a bit of #NewGirl on a Friday night awwww glad you like them :P I have a sad like... O well... Football tomorrow :D #np NOBODY GREATER  #God #ff him  yeah YOU , YOU that's reading this tweet :P I'm finally full now time for a nap ...hoping it's writing comics and not potential serial killer research :p Watching New Girl :D !!!thanks Carmen  New Girl RT   don't worry hun  we'll know that officially in february hopefully...let's cross fingers &lt;3&lt;3 Playinh tug of war with riley , nawwwh :D Popeyesssss That's what trues bezziez are like Hey Directioners!! Follow me I follow back! xx Thanks for following, have a good weekend :-) Ur mom is psycho :P Thanks for the #FF shout out bud Dude, I was passing by IKEA...the food was screaming at me. And Friday is my eat anything day. :-) __|__ , Low Etsh2lbt msh hasd2ak :D Looool bye off to play fifa :P lmao love you too sure  always interested in up & coming Os "  gm means?? good morning ???" Desi Daru Right  just go to the wine shop and ask for GM Had a loooooonggg but productive Friday *smiles*  xx I get excited when I have new followers. :D I'm with you on that one Ian, you couldn't have 2 on the run that'd just be jammy :-) xx Cardiff tomorrow RT if you love  Marvin Wishing you all a safe and smooth move!  ^ACP lol hehe...I am single so I can say whatever :p u know that there will be a show talking about the Georgian revolution!! Miss you.. just a little bit Only selling All U Can Drink wristbands til 11pm so come early!!! After 2 and a half hours of standing in line, I am finally on the bus. Patience is indeed a virtue. #FF the way my little brothers shaking his bum, lol.. I don't know where he gets it from :p I just gave a hobo $5 RT  girls go follow Haha. Admit it, you LIKED it!! :-) Plix na! Lol :'( RT  naah...RT  GROUP HUG Anybody? :D RT  ☺♥☺ RT  :* LOL!! #GrazieGrazie ^_^ i found out about that "Pink Love" song after i got my name on Twitter I did; I know how to spell that though, it was a typo. Plz help me trend #KuwaitWantsBieber  It means SO much to me to see Justin live &lt;3  yep lol even hayley's laugh was too funny so loud aha ! btw how much do you dislike cameron ?! I think he's hilarious and I'm not from isloo :P welcome next break rice house again ?! : ) RT  Went horse riding today, was absolutely amazing  haven't had that much fun in a long time :D RT  PeterPan doesn't carry an OCARINA you assholes :P I liked it, actually. I undersalted, but decided I preferred it that way. Took willpower not to eat more than necessary. yeah :(! Hopefully when she comes back on I can get a follow  xxx Hi, Sami &lt;3 I will love & support you forever &lt;3 lol yes, except drunsticks  haha Check my pinky ring LOL I'm sorry, I don't do that for money :D i was at oberois' eau bar..Awesome ambience and good wine..wat a night Nothing, like always. My life is so boring. You? Loved the episode tonight  #eastenders Oiii  sort your shitberry out and msg me backk RT  Im having a great day! :-) dm ya # but it don't matter where ever u want my treat Haha no you not I'm boring! although I think I have got better :P Ia udaahhhRT   follow back RT   more sex, good weed, no stress. Just got my hair done one kid is out with friends the other has a playdate...oh yeah i love fridays :-) haha is it scary? :p hehe, i bet!! it made me like grin spastically back then when i first saw it, i was like, oh my god, pete, you babe :P xx AHAHA!!! Just sold some tickets with the face value of 17.50 for 81.94 :D ahahahahaha WIN! En rout to matthews home townnnn, st helens bwoii!! RT  S/o to the SHS basketball players  Goodluck tonight boys!! yeah I guess. Ooh you could speak to  about it, he went to the Nottingham one last year *chuckles* aye! *whispers* I really shouldn't like you as I'm not a left winger but nah...I do! You're fun and honest! :-) are we still going on our date tomorrow night? Adrian can I get a RT?  I'm a huge Vikings fan and even bigger AP fan!! And I'm praying you'll recover soon!!! Why? lol, naw sis  but if you know we did, we would handle that accordingly. thanks alot and God Bless Ya :-) that's great. So many happy memories Yer RT  Really! Nvm RT _hot_revolver_x: I dunno RT  Ur what tribe?  RT (cont) don't worry, all will go fine isA Hi Britneeeey ;) Please follow me I love you're song Criminal &lt;3  Follloow me please! got to sleep in this morning :D now time to trim my whiskers and get a start on this wonderful day! Thanks for that, Terry! No need to swear Thoba thoba I love gaining followers !! Y'all are FUCKIN awesome. Expect a s/o wen i get off whaa did not know  played in an episode of the OC! Score. Come a long way to #SOA EUUUU  VOOOOOU , :P hey can you all follow me please loveyous :D Truth emerges yet again from YSL : ) Will check it when I get home. I been said that grl! Lmaoooo #goodtimes :D Aww, no, I miss that Chicago snow! Come down to my sauna! Let's trade #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK RT  Went horse riding today, was absolutely amazing  haven't had that much fun in a long time :D think I somehow broke that metro door cuz it stopped opening lmaoo :p Follow friday! Retweet or reply if you want a #FF Check out  for details on how :-) xx Just smile #9GagReader   QBS and QF radio should try this :D tweet me a number nd ill rate ur profile That's a good idea I'll make you a good mix Humph. Not cool :S Did you manage to book the bus? You'll have to tell me the plan, I have your money as well to give you It's not that hard once you get used to it Granizada de limon con pepita y sal: for the fucking motherfucking win jajaja :D yum yumapology accepted :-) :-) thanks on your way where? my house? RT   im on my way bro We certainly would make it special for them  I would have us dedicate an entire act to them. Serious. - Onna Phone With Braintaee she thinks its junk lol but i'm not that good anyway & yeah I hope I am lool here's one of my covers #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Thank you! Added  to the bio Follow  and i follow back  It's for a challenge there are BIG presents if you follow him  RT xoAN RT: "  That is so nice of you :-) Glad I can help! xo" Wooooooooo ! Got rid of my shift SUPPORT YOUR PEOPLE, PEOPLE!! :D jups ;) you live pretty close if i look at my other followes :p Cooool, I was asking because I want to be an artist and I'm pretty curious about how you started bcuz I really want this. :-) RT  5 more followers, RT please? :-) Morning breakfast. Horrible the things I would do to  body!!! Lol  RT  "  Has the Same Birthday As My Mother , awww &lt;333 Lol.."Ahhh We're birthday buddies waiiiiiiiiiii3 ya shagooool ;@ wai3 wai3 waiiii3 inty unfollow :D lool OK, NOW I HAVE A MASSIVE GRIN ON MY FACE :D ion Fck With Half The People i Use To watchin #newgirl thanks too you  funny shit RT   Thank You #NowFollowing ------&gt;&gt;  &lt;&lt;------ follow back please lose the heat, retain the flavor. I like spicy.  But I like raita too. I haven't eaten in forever. So content. With my big sis Darlene Follow me back,please. and decide based on how many book-shops we covered maybe do historical the sunday if we have time :P i miss you sweetie RT  Is it ok to gym it and then have fish and chips? :p #FIT I'm alright :-) xxxx Got anything planned this weekend? love your natural beauty!
#followback Abi and Jay! They're coming back step by step! I hope that they get back together as they were a cute couple!  x listening to some music Good Luck Today Boo Boo #Twitition Get NiallOfficial to follow 1D_arethesex well be safe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and text me soon Too.much rain rather :P nuh I'll just make a fort outta pizza boxes instead :p night out Wednesday? Netball social love bugsss! &lt;3 ya'll look too cute  RT  my baby! pic.twitter.com/cytjr4n1 's birthday is in 14 days cheer up He's The Sweetest merci &lt;3 Alright  I still gotta ask my parents when I get home but they'll most likely say yes. kermit think I'm formidable and profound what can I say? I'm an early bird :D #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK “  Hah! Kids can be so mean sometimes!” and brutally honest randolph felmet think I'm 307. Oversaw Uh huh :p I know, think we will but at least we can win games next season ;D But not a septum! Go get it now! lol! :D xxxxx Running on the couch??? RT  I appreciate the followback from the Bruhs on campus I'd love to b a QUEtie Thanks for the love and greetings, people... cuz I'm just blessed like that Putting my tan on and individual eyelashes ready for tomorrow night  #excited of course I do :-) Getting my side table restored by   couldn't be happier with it thank youuuuu sis.! Hi Ahrani, they're on our home page at  in the bottom left corner, shoe rental is $5. Hope to see you soon! RT  Titty pics are always welcomed in my DM box That's not like me at all. It's not a proper game, just a flash like game. #thatawesomemomentwhen your favourite TA tells you his fam owns the Flying Saucer in the falls. #yeeebuddy :D thanks. Hope you have a great weekend  xx I love my baby :D yay! So happy to hear that  you know we'll definitely have a lot to talk about during halftime! #Madonna Thanks &lt;3 :D You are seriously the biggest bitch !! Whispering about some while there right next you, who cates where I buy my clothes from, have a super show tonight! and see you in march :D I just wanna take a nap. Great workout today idk really. Lol im not sure if i want to stay for the boys....lol. i'll talk to everybody and ask if they would want too and? u got me curious now :P The niece Dalwhinnie should never be mixed with anything especially twitter she follow me too!!! i'm so happy right now!!! *-* follow back?? :D &lt;3 thanks for make me smile again I CAN'T WAIT FOR #BELIEVE and be more happy :D TE AMO PAPASITO Who's moving to North Dallas... Me!! Sorry Fort Worth it's been real but I'm D-town girl! I text everyone yesterday gal and only beth bec and grace replied  so me and bec said we'd just leave it until next week my property Whew, ok. thanks  haha, nearly done x hahaha! Thanks for helping the cause :D ill be cool like u guys in no time :P RT  Trade to announce: My glass of water has been traded for coffee. "I feel that M.Coffee will bring a element of energy that M.Water can't" RT  its aquarius Time ! tha best people you would ever meet Having a chilled night in with an old friend  yay RT  I need some new people to text.. mention me RT  « My Girlfriend  's Avi  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;» can you follow back luv? For every follower im going to donate money to charity  please? ♥ Lol :D RT   pic got me feeling some type of way lol talking to myself is one of my faves on recovery :D &lt;3 hehe! Yep! Knew you'd get it.  I do.  xx  It took me a sec to figure that out, Sheryl. Glad you like. RT  9 more followers? RT and I'll give you a shout out! I follow back :D hehe lol come nd find out :P What the fu... Oh your old ! Yeah soon maybe next week its wooden tho! :p “ Medal well received RT" *hands u medal*“ Coming on here for the first time in 6 Okay. Time for a nap.just did gotta be done.... I have my red opened, poured and going down well  Xx question was answered by following her on twitter! Now traffic updates on TV and phone Hahaha I was hungry... I want a party though! :p buzzzing for tuesday :D Nevermind, found it  Follow back &gt;_&gt; awww that just made my day JBM : ) oh and not just anyone -___- I'm kinda smart...!! :D RT  14 more followers by the end of the night? Please RT? FOLLOW    IF YOU FOLLOWED TWEET ME ''MILEY'' FOR A #SHOUTOUT Supress the Jess #NEWGIRL :D Attaining the goal gradually...This is life im gonnnaaa soak up the sunnnn, im gonna tell everyone to lighten up RT  #FF Like the new whatsapp :D Omg the moment where a guy and girl's hands bump into each other and it causes them to hold hands :D #adorable #iloveit :P hey  im goin sleep now lol. Night x #nowwatching Suite Life On Deck. With the Russos of Wizards of Waverly Place #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK When yall coming ? I made your favorite kinda' kool-aid. so you better bring home some bbq chips. I just made this XD - D-PAD Shuffling in Battlefield 3:  via  RT? LITERALLY PLEASE DO :D Hey!! I will dooo!! :D I LOVE putting yoghurt on my face!! So nice!! :P And I love using oatmeal as a cleanser but to messy! When you go to a gunfight...remember to bring your gun. :-) omw to workkkkk Please follow mé please love your picture! :-) :-)  *blushes* Effectivement PLEASE VOTE TOM FELTON  y  THANKS :D i raelised after i said it :( never mind you can watch all the medical programmes on tv aw. I'm glad :D Chips Read my response to "What your twitter?  Can I follow you?": you have forgot something - follow me :-) new  spring collection who doesn't like getting flowers Exactly how its always been :-) I've just found out, jamie! CONGRATULATIONS!! Thanks my girl!  so beautiful out there! RT  A very cool clip of "Hello"! Check it out! Working in retail, you HAVE to be a ppl person! & I'm glad I am... I had sooo many laughs today :-) 
#PutMeInaGoodMood lmao " Got a bit of Nirvana on the go to help with essay writing :/" in Utero? Unplugged? Oh Nevermind im gud aswell  yh dats becoz i havent been cumin 2 da prayer rooms besides i gotta ask how ma friends r doin init i did too :P hilarious!! Happy Friday everybody  Hope everyone has a great day! RT  #nw icarly RT  Girly weekend to dublin 17th March #bookeditpackeditfuckedoff with hello sounds like summer all over again! I'm sooo in! :D Sure it will help! Does the song have music? Chilled out on sofa watching Room 101. Good times Juanito the people is so crazy que pedo??!!! Jajajajaja :D siii, somos carnalitaas!! :D RT  But oh well thats still my baby Very nice. If only they'd bring back Penny, Fiona & Clare... You are the best fans on facebook and im glad you have liked this page, its a pleasure to read your comments and your opinions  YNWA I Think I Love Him.....Better Yet I Know  B.L.T &lt;3 great post though. So very true, & that CC song is one my favorites on their new cd. : ) you always make me smile! me too  I cant wait now RT   Who the ff was from. :-) good, staff where really helpful so ended up photographing all the cakes they had RT   Plz help me trend #KuwaitWantsBieber  It means SO much to me to see Justin live &lt;3 Thanks guys ! Wudnt have been possible without the African support though Hi  how are you? kiyoko think I'm disorderly smh now u are lol..thank u #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguins My Penguin Romance :p RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly RT  Cant Wait for Tomorrow Night :D YeaaaahBuddyy great :DD getting out early felt amazing then you adopt me, deal ? :D ha!  Now that's an honor coming from you! IKR! ANYWAY IMA GO NOW idk why i said that in caps lock i guess im really excited about going :/ but seeyou maybe tomorrow  xx My bass, me, myself and I #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK thanks for showing love . I had to make sure that I was following back RT  RT if you want a #ff oh is everyday too much? Lol jk, jk happy birthday! I'm happy that I got to see you!! I've missed you soo much and I love you just got myself a pair of these..  #swagg.#ilovethem. You're staying awake until 4am?! Wow! Ok  It would be 1am not 13pm, after 12 it restarts. (Unless it's a 24 hour clock in... we'll make a pic for you! good.  okay, ill quit annoying you now. Sounds like your watching soccer or something anyway. ;) happy to help quess i'll qet in dha bed wid  &'  : ) ! HAVING COFFEE WITH YOU NEXT MONTH IN TORONTO ONTARIO HEHHE! so excited Great to hear you have fun :D Did you do show jumping competitions? Another awesome flying girl is profiled on Launchettes :-) Hell yeahhh, SOPA Is Dead :3 victory! :D Watching bear grylls born survivor, better drink my own piss lol :D xx nee focus op voetbal :p Finna Chanqe My N U M B E R  ! && I Know Who NOT Gone Get It , Lol . . #BeyondPetty follow back? Yay #NewGirl is finally on :Ddo you like Twin Atlantic? cause they are touring soon :D I'm possibly thinking of getting tickets, if you're interested? my mom spoils me Wait this was a typo RT  Aw Ruthy.. I know. RT  Darbie is just pretty sorry I put it as I received the notification RT  Liam, Louis and Zayn went to a club last night. Niall stayed with Harry because he wasn't allowed in. Aw Narry :-) Took the words right out my mouth lol RT  Simply pretty lol RT  simple I can vouch for Lexy's mischievousness today Dana :-) thanks for the RT i just about died  &lt;3 i love you, please follow meee  i want to know want music you girls are planning on wrighting in the studio,xxx  You're welcome :D #FF  :-) RT  I got a class w my roommie  She stupid &' we sit by each other ... This bout to be interesting ! Lol RT  #FF Nothinn School ` I Think I Got This Job There is nothing in this world, I could sacrifice. :D RT  #nowplaying Howler  I Told You Once that rhythms :D haha i will know that for sure :p Mike Tyson?? Hilare!!! You crack me up wee yin!!! , followed I love the rain but that's y u hve insurance that sounds fun! You play in a local team? #Workaholics marathon :p DEAL !! i'll be waiting you bebz :D :D :D do we all work 12 hour shifts and heal the sick and dying? Didn't think so buddy  lol Me areqles mis uñas I love cute little animals ummm :-D wow that's nice of you to say Miss Vee :-) check u on the Bbm side then . Haha aww staying this weekend be having a couple beers sunday for footy lo  x x - Moviesss later! Aww Thanx Nessa  We all no your Twitcon is &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; going to go get some hello kitty bandaids BRB :P A nutritious lunch for a sick girl RT  #FF  follow my amazing best friend nowww don't bcome one if them!!! Actually nevermind would b cool #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK All the bitches that be hating can catch a decay  #true You're welcome :P ukhti 2 mile is more than enuf  ur back and chin will hurt but it takes time. Ur muscles will get stronger and u will b ok. Tea biscuits and new girl  x #101 I want your twitter! Your icon is beautiful & you're such a great McCurdy supporter. :D #NeverChange we will have you at 2,000 before 11.59pm ... trussst me As if I wasn't already feelin myself,  's mom jus told me my body is Bangin! Lol  I kno right i'm with it  just lemme know! I hope he can chill next week or the weekend  &lt;3 On route to Southend to start my birthday celebrations!!!! Excited much!!  x Just call me Rizzo  So excited. congrats to everyone! Believe Tour To Brazil RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly mmm yeah maybe! Snake bite &gt; love bite :P xx really? Where are you? I'm sooo #HYPED for #Believe " شخص يحب النوم #MentionTo"  x_x #noom al3waffe :p well was a good try to make you shhhhhhh dm aha I thought it was the wrong person as you already asked me that question a while ago :') . I love boosh fans :D Lol tell him 2 back off ur mine  RT  This guy on FB said that i should give him (cont) Cheers to the freaking weekendddd !!!!! :D : hi dude...read ur review in toi...hw u gt fit in shape frm bng unfit within 10 weeks...ausme work...grt inspiration to us... Goin to the gym. I need that Spring Break body heheh lol :p follow back? RT  #AquariusSeason is here :D #TeamAquarius we're ready! Let's go!!♥ This final for Trig was easy is ever;Know I aced that boy what're you up to? I was gonna take a nap, but now I'm all hyper.. hahah Lemme know when! Maybe lunch/ dinner?  RT   next month sometime,  helping my mom move then I'm out. :( DMed u Jus cleaned up my room and took all the trash I saw out.. Now jus waitin to go eat  subway or taco bell?.. 

#Poductive that was incredible!! Definitely coming to see you live again on your next tour  #Sheffield haha of course! ill HU that little guy haa Just finished training. With  Now thank you lol Yep she's so bitchy that she's always going to quote this tweet. Wtf is wrong with you? You're so quoting. Lol :p all cool  **happy new year**  i think it'll be a big one for you.. let me know your next move when you're ready ;) RT  I want to do what the PBB housemates are doing. Seems so interesting. RT  God is really good &lt;--- #Nowfollowing :D RT  SUPPORT YOUR PEOPLE, PEOPLE!! :D Thank you very much for following Kim Catrell or Samantha Womack :p tbf I haven't a clue who is :p I was only joking xx neta think I'm infuriated I'm asking everyone if sunday 19th feb is a good idea for the next meet up xxx that's when everyone is okay with it  are you ? ma3lesh LIVE TO LIVE yoyo ana yala ya king fari7a :D btw omar not here i think but kan hone abel few hours &lt;3mowwh No problem at all!  Thanks for all your support of me!!  ♥ Have an AMAZING weekend! mmm Chicken Masala & naan & rice for lunch  #iloveethnicfood best seasonings Hi, i'm sorry but how long is +- quick? :D today or tomorrow? thanks !! the dream team is great !!! boa tarde Jupiter bound with the best  and gonna see my boo  :p of that interview when the question was like uhh have you ever sang for a girl or something heheh :p plz follow me &lt;3 MAKE MY DREAM COME TRUE.  portugal loves you.♥ 11 left hand  pink and dark pink with glitter :D Dont follow this account back, follow my other account  instead please, ill follow you on both #ff  because he sounds like a really nice guy , and he and i have funny random conversations  oh and his hair get "tall" lmao Thans'ks for following me!  I follow you !! s'okay, they just got in. Harry is crying. Liam looks LOVELY Hurry up 630 I'm ready for this weekend to begin  #LongWeek Now where you say I am just really full tired. Good night Japan and the Good world hahaha!! Drank enough this week...gotta dry out for work LOL but then you wouldn't have gotten to see it #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK w @
Haha me nan gets me them every Fridayfollow back? watching the really hustle My day went fron :D to &gt;:(( but ya know what I said it was gonna be a good day so it is, forget the bs (: You get a tiny pic, dip it in alcohol and transfer it onto your nails  And yeahh haha! I'm going to Newcastle, 25th feb! You? X Ok ill go look for it and let you know... okay can't wait thanks or just his face....whatevs hahahahaha RT  4 MORE PLEASE GO FOLLOW GET THEM TO 10K  : ) -- &gt; Look back we argue all because of me. Im sorry. Now look forward. Enjoy life. Jummmms! Everyone wear black for the CV game tonight of course!  let me know if you find one i know last time i was there they had a ton! follow for follow ? :-) Aw! That's so sweet of you, and that means so much! We'll do a switch, kay? You can have mine if I can have yours :P ♥ Watch My Cover " Shot For Me " By Drake  & Subscribe If U Want You too! :D x RT   Thanks for the RT!! &lt;&lt;No prob Capt'N, we may have to SPRING Forward to the Front to avoid the Flood! When it gets there can u send me pics of it all Id like to see how they all turned out.  havent seen them yet! Just gonna live day to day & be happy  #senioryear #thatswhatsup #whocares got some Drawings of you that I did :-) I know I'm so excited!!!  Let's PLEASE hang out when I get back  #girlsnight You gotta have friend like RUTH! Ruth, ruth, ruth, ruth, ruth! Not even a trapezium! *grumble* But, yay! Do go there to claim it every so often? :P Mjm... Sociologyyyy ! Ohh ohh best not be chilling taking your daily supplement *raised eyebrow* :P you may nit be able to see much of it, but I have my peace sign on my hand 
#TeamMindless I won't fight you! Sounds good to me Hey &gt;&gt;&gt; Follow Me Bck. i will! We Care...? Naw RT  RT for a shoutout  must be following though #Twitition OneDirection Come To Malta na petosa think I'm emboldened Ha! Annie Downey just quoted me :-)  YALSA Research Forum #alamw12 hahaha. So you betul gerak subang esok ? With your friends ? Haha, wetdreams la best baru lah rasa macam you're in wetworld :p layin in my friends beed.. waitin for 6 to roll around ;) :P patrica dobes think I'm candor and kindness I loooove making/eating French toast in the morning ! Hahaha well you can come here whenever you want ;) I'm probably gunna go to the pool again in a little bit :D you are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy when skies are grey. RT  &lt;-- She's beauty & a beast only twice a week though Finally nap time  ! YOU ROCK!!!! BTW, just got yer package last night... we will do the thing next week to pump the show :-) Thank you!!!! Hands up for the ladies in design! You are killing it too Anishka! All up in magazines. :-) RT  Heart to heart conversation    and twitterless holly! RT  I'll only give one #FF today! It's for my twin and best friend  How I love you!!! :-) It's a combination of several different recipes plus some improvisation they were delicious! HAVAIANAS NOVAS  Jizz in my shorts ! I see Cudi lyrics  they always make me happy New Girl! damn, I love this show. :D well then I guess you don't want to hang out that bad!!!!! hell yeah, I live right on the way of you going home & I'll just pay ya Use what Ze Whale? Nah gurl. You Stick on your wall. that made me smile  ... woke up and smelled the coffee :P RT  #realfriends   &lt;3 i love you I love you I looovveeee yooouuuuu unlucky man split like omg but still nice leftovers :D ( Yeah x)) But you know your previous uname was great!! what happened to it? :p 28 more dayss till my bday Watching Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close today. Read the book & loved it. Excited to see it in movie form RT  Today's a big day! It's our movie premiere day!!! oh right, smh I feel dumb now /)____U  and thanks lol RT  want some fun friday news - guess who will be covering ALL MENSWEAR for our new website? ready? how about  very cool huh? :-) #goodnight world! I'm tired already :P tweet you tomorrow Great - how was the bowling match? no I love it :P Happy Birthday Estherrrrr :-)  ! So, I finished my leadership exam about 30 mins ago :D i didn't get to tweet about it cause my phone died -___- Thank you, that is all! lol Getting your disbursement is a GREAT feeling Oh.  sure, thanks. RT  #FF  a true star for all your virtual help and #SBS support, much appreciated : ) &lt; thanks well if I don't do
It Sunday I can spend Sunday doing my checks and stuff so will still do it #FF je t'ai add sur PSN c'est moi Haliuss7 
 ( live on I hope I'm not losing followers with all of my Yardsellr tweets. :(  Please bear with me. yay! you used #whattheflave !!!!!! Im happy :D Love looking back at my drunk tweets  off to a great start tonight! RT »  NF  sexy avi lil mama«
-Thank You.!!! about time :P hurrrry up ween I'm craving chicken Hai Shorty.. RT   Thanks, You're Not Bad Yourself Theater was so much fun today I miss my Brit!!! :-) RT  boyz69 - perfect number ;) i absolutely adore all of your twitter. especially your username & icon winfred benell think I'm ingratitude and cruelty what the fuck lucky!! With who? :D RT 2 WIN!  Hey  I wanna Get MY Heart On with  in TORONTO! PLZ give me tickets! allright I get it :D FREE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ Don't denying the truth..face the truth. & i can sow ankara shirts .. Belts .. Put them on blazers ... Bow ties You know stuff like that. I be rocking my ankara hard @ school. gosh :D I really want harry and lou to marry :D :D :D such a huge shipper ;) I know it will be :D If you wanna check up on me or "stalk" me, you can check my tweets lol Ya falta pocoooooo!!! :D :D :D *Doing the happy dance*use a sniper rifle 

Greater accuracy 
Greater chance of humanity being restored in music :D Good afternoon me right now :P (boobs) lol oh well ohh please, stop playing neily! :P thank you  and shit, at work..... Starving :( True words  were all fine thanks daley hope ure well too  x RT  girls be classy not trashy. and don't be nasty just to get guys attention that's not cute. Its alot of bitch made niggas in sac....ill knock alot of niggas down if niggas wouldn't be telling It wasn't that bad, we've done worse things John Mayer makes me want to puke. Not a good day. Thanks  :p Panda Express was on point  thanks Poison Ivan :b " Birdy bij The V Reporter Backstage  .. #TVOHB i miss my OREO I know, I gotta get back in the game I want to give people #ff I never did it  RT if u doo! yay! Thanks for #FF! :-) found sally hansen nail effects today and almost screamed hahahaha can't wait to get my hands on them muwahahaaa :D Everyday when I connect I hope you follow me but it is not the case ..I remain hopeful #NEVERSAYSNEVER
Sorry for les erreur :P by the end of next week, i might have a complete new look. :D :D I win. xD sometime when the weather isnt so shitty were going for a cruise! and then ill stay at your house. or youll stay at mine. ;) Im very happy that I have my son, im getting happy that im single I got a lot to take care of now starting with making myself happy :-) Hey dude want to send #xxx #sexy #porn pictures? Here are my #pussy #sex shots :P tco/Y4JOqBkZ #c RT  #CoSign HBD Boo :-)  big s/o to  HAPPY #GDAY Haha. Yeah, I got that. : ) Hope you like drawing that I made I'm just sayen...  anyways at chillis with Ryan babyyyy Thank you so much  Check out your new followers, you will find me there ;) hahaha I knew you wouldn't want me to!! :P heyy darlin, sorry to hear! That's because this is the first one sent to my phone. #OhWhatNow :-) actually, I'm definitely going in, the '89 trophy has to meet the boas. :D -- every time I hear Mr Stafford, he makes me cry! In a good way ahh would love a phone call from the boys!!! :D 51 Whoooooooo are you? or because you're a fantastic waitress. :-) I'm gavin a double whammy tonight, when i finish Almost famous straight onto 4OD :D " won the lottery!!  whadup tennessee and florida" so pumped! thank god u got in my group lol uuuu cokmuş beeee :D very nice pet :-) I have some pretty cool followers RT  #FF the bro though  :-) heyyyyy love your tweets I FOLLOW YOU, FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE. S/o to  ! She be tweeting real shyt ! Lol I can fck with her felipe pankey think I'm daring and resolute Can't... control.... my.... excitement!! :D AAHHHHH  is gonna be awshum!! ;D Great story #martinstoker KEITH SWEAT story on groove95.com :-) From next week we will have a new look website  very excited like 6-7 months ago! not even that long ago! and hell yeah it wasss #FF back at you! You are a comedic genius! Can't wait for the new episodes, and your rapist wit! good :-) thank you! How's air force one? Haha yeah would suck if it would go down though :P Nuffin :P Okay.You are mrs.Turtle & I'm mrs.Payne :PP RT   can yu help me take my hair down Sunday?....sure twin I gotcha gov/econ-99%, spanish1-99%, anatomy-95%  that's how a blonde does it not the one i was lookin for but I'll take it lol. Appreciate it homie ! RT  Rt if you love One Direction I'm beyond wondering about you rhi you are definitely bisexual  send me a link. Im coming tooooo  OSU round three I don't know why, I feel free now. No love, no tears, no guys, no heartache. My heart really PLONG !! And I'm happy with it Hey, i have some suggestions to Inside Line website, where can i send them? :P #FF lol I hope you getting it in cuz I'm bout to get in mine! & in traffic :-) RT  #FF Heh, they're smart not to mess too much with perfection. :D “ Write my first song ) #Dontgiveitup  I love him so mutch ) ♥”  what do u mean Some gaf "example fan" followed me then unfollowed me, their bio said "i got tweeted by David steward :D on the 08/01/12" FUCK OFF What do you think of when you see this :P " mon-tues ka din? :D I got you a copy na! " -Gotcha! Thanks C! Yer d best! •☆¸.•*¨✳ ♥♥♥ RT is you love Michael Jackson so much  ♥♥♥ •☆¸.•*¨✳ is the absolute best! made damn sure to spell 'public' correctly there By doing what RT  About top start my day aww thanks jay  fingers crossed you get your notts offer tooo x  I like John legend music fake en neppe 
#kuthumor xD RT  Way to go, people of the Internet!  | SOPA Is Dead: Smith Pulls Bill  via dude I just wanna go out and dress up Achso okay :D VfL play tomorrow, Saints on Monday. Leaves my Sunday free. :-) i know :( thats why you should change and go b *rejects it wit an evil grin* :D RT  *offerin u tomtom* RT misage: *clears throat* :D RT Dhaarmhie: I love you. . . welcome  to twitter :D i love him one of my best friends ever! “ My starbucks cup is my accessory. #Imkiddingbutnotkidding” ayye ;) yeaa gaby! haha & ooo i wuld like that :D my followers have shot up #F1Follow helped :-) 12 piece nuggets with fries, cookies and cream milkshake & endless chick fil a sauce  thanks baby! love you too princess cooool :D “ #MentionTo someone you wanna live with.”   I'l leave you Notes in the bathroom mirror :$ :P RT  Honestly, the word "believer" does look wrong to me. It just has to be "belieber" lol. And I'm not obsessed. #ItsABelieberThing RT  Thank u all for watching the show last night .I hope u enjoyed it Dota Tourneys are always fun ... Had an easy game, played decent ... Now waiting for semis and final ( hopefully :P ) on Sunday  .. New Girl YES! I love this programme thank yougood luck mr twinkle toes good luck!  retweet  xxxx Can we get a big WOOHOO that Brent's white cell count went from ZERO to 2.7 just this week??? Who's grateful and blessed????  ME!!!!  xoxo thanks so much for the #FF  I hope your weekend is full of wonderful things Awww  is cooking for me Oh shit, I got taco bell. Even better :D I been indoors all day  #ItFeelsGood i fucking hate your cunt ass :p All I do is WIN :p haha yeah. He could give you one time thoy. :p c'mon. Yeees followed your turn #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK going to in~n~out! :D Might be going snowboarding tonight!! :D Moving back in  #feelsgood “ Whats my next move..” money! wohooo i get to see my pretty eyes tonite &lt;3 Righttttttt :D ? earline think I'm aim and purpose VMware :P HAHAHA iloveyou fatkiddddd :D .. Seriously ur husbands gonna work his ass off just and only to feed u LOOOOL Hating American Airports right now! They made me throw away my organic raw honey :'( Somebody from the U.S. coming in Paris soon...? :-) dang gurlllll! Rock it! :-) :-) can you follow me please  &lt;3 your welcome Amen o  RT"  na wah ooh... May our lives be preserved in dis country ooh!" kl  follow bk so i can DM you the details x #6YearsHSM can i get a few more #followers anyone?any #rushers or #beliebers? :p good luck this weekend! I'll cross my fingers it's as nice out as it was last year same to be honest haha! the obvious Beeton and Swallow.. and Halliday i followed someone and they wrote in there bio," followed me 19/10/2012" I WAS LIKE AWHHH xx :D marcos laliberte think I'm picked apart I guess imma buy my special from my work RT  R-T if you're a directioner  I wanna follow more of u. So if you are follow me and I'll do the same . X Yea , but guess what.. it wasn't me :P ! couldnt make it to 2 eh? Maybe next time bub. whywhywhy? Hey Ricky, my phone's about to die so I'm gonna turn my internet off. We shall continue this conversation in text yesss i have mannn :D ps my birthdays first ;) &lt;3 Can't wait to see you in nottingham on the 18th of feb  x Sure.  ♥ #FF :D Whenever I get the chance, I choose the handicap bathroom cuz I like the extra room  #raaanndom RT   i want you to live your motherhood in full  i want you to see Blue's first smile..first steps..first word (i hope it's mama xD) LOVE IT :D #JK #VampireDiaries from last night rocked!! now a lil #GossipGirl :-) babe do u have a tumblr blog? If noo, I think you should make 1 #Hamdillah for everything. I love my life. deffo said 2 miss murphy she's up for it Lol... let me RT yo rude ass  so you can get some more backlash. :-) HIIIIII FOUREYES ! LoL ! Love it when there's ppl who hate him too :D Yay! My mom is FINALLY sending my ugg's :D theodora think I'm 13. Administered Brown haiiiiir that's in my bio!!! :D hehehe :D &lt;3 - Ready For The Game Tonight .  #excited . January 31st cannot come soon enough At home watching a film!! Awesome way to spend my evening! :D RT  i love my sister  follow her happy birthday Jackk, have a good day  xx Boutta get ready for tonight. I need my hair done so imma prolly wash it and leave it natural you're welcome!! you can draw a lot better then i can, i know that :D &lt;3 xo like it RT  So hilarious last  show.  you're evil, poor Beth :D miss the over 2 hour talks though Check your DM's!  Let us know if you need any help! Omg food :D lol can't wait thanks! :D ♥ Success is the child of audacity. Benjamin Disraeli (1804-1881) British statesman follow bck :-) yeah i'm thanks &lt;3 from you?! omg lol Kim will rip it off like an animal!!.. *lion roar* me tooooo, miss you way more. SO good! We popped a few in the microwave to thaw them out and get them all melty.  Thanks, Brett! Listening to Crystal Castles, I focking love them :D Aloha   "G'day TY rbs...eventually it's..."The Story Left Untold" #every.avenue" ♫ thanks for the RT  It seems all other web designers are as busy as me and don't need the extra work, lol. got accepted to penn state! My life's awesome today!  #HappynessEverywhere im doing whats best for me no i said are u going to town game with my mum and my dad :p sister xx omg. u have problems :D calm down :dd jmaallaa I'm still trying to get a job :( Again. I have a trial day in wetherspoons tomorrow though, the interview went great today :D "Can I use your phone to call my mom?" "Yeah, just hit redial...."  Hahaaaa :P Follow  and i follow back  It's for a challenge there are BIG presents if you follow him  RT اماانه #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK #FF.        ENJOY YOUR DAY RT  LOL IM ON TWEETLIMIT IM ON TWITLONGER BITCHZ ;) THO I CANT RT your tweets i shall respond to them next week seminar in potsdam n berlin : ) RT  Taio Cruz is looking a little embarassed to be doing a karaoke act w/ paul on #tvoh... entertaining though Thanks for the RT! are you moving to any other radio station, where we can catch you on? You are AMAZING i LOVE one direction so much and it will make my year if you follow me  so gutted i didn't see you on tour Creative minds   they are real ! for sure! Give me one too #FF Thank You!  ;-) 
 
  
You have a wonderful weekend!
Namaste & Gratitude :-)RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly  excited to have my work in your lovely gallery. Thanks for the visit yesterday and your support with new/local makers :D That's really cool. you better :D HAHA YAY!!!! They're fun. Shoutout to my 570th follower  :D xx RT  Been packing and stacking all morning for the soldiers over seas RT  First jagerbomb completed  ;) hopefully getting my phone back tonight RT  Successful spirit tv show  good job crew&lt;3 Hey G how u doin ? whats happening over the pond  x h'i h'ate her h'up :D :p “  what have u done to my sister please ?” it means follow Friday it's where you recommend people for your friends to follow ok cool follow friday Not to worry.. There always be a next year  X Oh I sure "sang". I'm tone deaf! It's not even funny? Although my co-workers like to make a joke of it :P RT   har har very funny! Not like I got scared n jumped or anything :p xx OUR birthday month, you need to share! Of course I am an Aquarian... please follow back Zayn. Im a big fan of one direction! Please follow me? :-) i'd be lucky! I miss you as well cat What, the mystery novel? It's on Fran's syllabus! :-) MEEEEEE!!! Please follow me your a great actor :D You look cute RT    I heart you, dear Someone please recommend a good fanfic! If it's you own and I like it I'll tweet about it! enjoy it guys ..more dosh Home HELLOO  please go check out my group album, its free & we put hella work into it all we ask 4 is a DL RT    we can talk about kristi secretively with her being with us yay I'll see you RT  sometimes i pretend to be normal, but its boring, so i go back to being me cool, see u there RT   lmfao ohhh ; that almost happened to me :p RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x haha I sorta still have the smell on my hands :p looool if u both tell me where ill come soon and visit u both  Farshad I don't even know where u work lol. RT  Happy u enjoyed it! OxRT  Watched my 1st episode of #rhodc tonight and LOVED it So good to be home Well follow me back lol RT  #teamfollowback Who could possibly be mad on pay day? Why...someone without a paycheck of course! Lol #ImSmiling though awww y thanks dori Haha & why does she want to be there btw? :P Omg... Is Bad Femalesss EveryWhere... Aw Man, Aw Man....... hahaha she always has a blast oké thnx! thank you so much girl!! I like it! Love the colours. Well done i am sooooo super duper happy. :D HEY, CHECK OUT T.K.   &  RT & FOLLOW US  THANKS #TEAMTK its our favorite  someone made it for RT  Today's a big day! It's our movie premiere day!!! RT  Weekend sleepovers with    Leeds UK, 3 Guys one bed, Pillow fights, tickle fights and making a fort!  #WGW hellllllll yeah  #i'm sure i'll figure this out RT  I love the new Knockouts Valentines Day sneak peak video featuring  Very funny and very sexy RT  Revenge? Nah im too lazy. Im just gonna sit here and let karma fuck you Hey tony tone tone! lol you're welcome whahaha i Love IT :-) Going to be getting a pair of sprott sweat pants.. Its a must I would have to respectfully disagree with his statement of people's champ. Our guy Sapp is right up there. follow my personal account &lt;&lt;&lt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; :-) haha thanks :p güsel ışte hepsı o kdr has tons of friends who love her! #includingme everyone follow  now! What's stopping you from doing it again? Go back on stage and party ;D Even if there is no crowd :P x You are welcome!  You are never disappointing! I think that they are dancing at a wedding reception. Did you hear smth like that? Pretty day Back to the school I'm in a bit to this tailgate, getting in the game freeeee  oh yeaaah! I'm watching it now :-) xxxxxx and they were well far away! Up high too! Blackpool is bigger than Manchester. ITS FRIDAYYY! &lt;3 Done with class... Now I can rest! #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK : ) , i love  . Birthday nails!!! Thanks  you're the best     #deucefam Well Thats just another reason to help out then! Watching dog the bounty hunter. I love this show! Ima try and rest as much as i can. stay warm and safe if your out! Alright guys, gotta go now! Will be back tomorrow with more imagines, I promise!  Love all of you so much! &lt;3 Back to the childhood mums birthday party Then by the Tim I leave he'll be in his way home RT  #FF This is my jam, braah. lol the Irish aren't happy unless they're sitting yer down to a meal :-) Oh! Sorry, didn't see it! ^^ Thank you!!! :D segui vocês,sucesso em hehe  ( live on just takin care of good ol dad : ) wassup? Nice one   i love you loads !! MORE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ just a few ;) to capture the memory! I'll be reminding you don't worry :p So we at the point of  walkin around in thongs now? K. *highjacks plane to Hawaii* I'm on my way keep both!!! :D alright I gotchyu would make me dizzy :D MSN TT ouvindo Linkin Park Thanks for your interest! Call 1-877-825-9633 for more details more shopping : ) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)lah ?? RT  ck. -____- RT  ciee.. :D RT  hemm'mm [Like it?  ] your momma is so fat her patronus is a cake! -mutterwitze können soo cool sein!! :D my LED light still blue though :D winning? RT  S/o to the SHS basketball players  Goodluck tonight boys!! cool..is it in German? i wont fight with u anymore, cuz apparently if i fight with a beautiful woman, it means im lonely, sad n have no friends :p I went to see them yesterday! They're gorgeoussss and do some laundry ! RT  Who wants SHOUTOUT? RT (must be following me)  x It's my remedy for many things. haha I have no idea? Lol! Oh wait a second... :P Off all weekend :D I know;) but yeh got you now She waiting to get bumped so she can go home and get her bag ready  RT  What is my bebe doing?????!!!!! thanks for the #FF  x reem i dnt have a keypad remember i dont have a shit blakberry like urz :P n sheen not special haha, okay i will do :D lmao, a glazed donut is 40p, just saying 8-) hahaha.. 36 Lets party plz follow me &lt;3 MAKE MY DREAM COME TRUE.  portugal loves you.♥ 27 Hey sweetie!  Glad to hear it. Thanks hun! TTYL! thanks so much Josh Oomf is a hoe and she knows it! That's the sad part tend to your gf and not my boyfriend and we will be just fine  Ahh sweet  I imagine I'll be done some time next century lol. RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly  excited to have my work in your lovely gallery. Thanks for the visit yesterday and your support with new/local makers :D That's really cool. you better :D HAHA YAY!!!! They're fun. Shoutout to my 570th follower  :D xx RT  Been packing and stacking all morning for the soldiers over seas RT  First jagerbomb completed  ;) hopefully getting my phone back tonight RT  Successful spirit tv show  good job crew&lt;3 Hey G how u doin ? whats happening over the pond  x h'i h'ate her h'up :D :p “  what have u done to my sister please ?” it means follow Friday it's where you recommend people for your friends to follow ok cool follow friday Not to worry.. There always be a next year  X Oh I sure "sang". I'm tone deaf! It's not even funny? Although my co-workers like to make a joke of it :P RT   har har very funny! Not like I got scared n jumped or anything :p xx OUR birthday month, you need to share! Of course I am an Aquarian... please follow back Zayn. Im a big fan of one direction! Please follow me? :-) i'd be lucky! I miss you as well cat What, the mystery novel? It's on Fran's syllabus! :-) MEEEEEE!!! Please follow me your a great actor :D You look cute RT    I heart you, dear Someone please recommend a good fanfic! If it's you own and I like it I'll tweet about it! enjoy it guys ..more dosh Home HELLOO  please go check out my group album, its free & we put hella work into it all we ask 4 is a DL RT    we can talk about kristi secretively with her being with us yay I'll see you RT  sometimes i pretend to be normal, but its boring, so i go back to being me cool, see u there RT   lmfao ohhh ; that almost happened to me :p RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x haha I sorta still have the smell on my hands :p looool if u both tell me where ill come soon and visit u both  Farshad I don't even know where u work lol. RT  Happy u enjoyed it! OxRT  Watched my 1st episode of #rhodc tonight and LOVED it So good to be home Well follow me back lol RT  #teamfollowback Who could possibly be mad on pay day? Why...someone without a paycheck of course! Lol #ImSmiling though awww y thanks dori Haha & why does she want to be there btw? :P Omg... Is Bad Femalesss EveryWhere... Aw Man, Aw Man....... hahaha she always has a blast oké thnx! thank you so much girl!! I like it! Love the colours. Well done i am sooooo super duper happy. :D HEY, CHECK OUT T.K.   &  RT & FOLLOW US  THANKS #TEAMTK its our favorite  someone made it for RT  Today's a big day! It's our movie premiere day!!! RT  Weekend sleepovers with    Leeds UK, 3 Guys one bed, Pillow fights, tickle fights and making a fort!  #WGW hellllllll yeah  #i'm sure i'll figure this out RT  I love the new Knockouts Valentines Day sneak peak video featuring  Very funny and very sexy RT  Revenge? Nah im too lazy. Im just gonna sit here and let karma fuck you Hey tony tone tone! lol you're welcome whahaha i Love IT :-) Going to be getting a pair of sprott sweat pants.. Its a must I would have to respectfully disagree with his statement of people's champ. Our guy Sapp is right up there. follow my personal account &lt;&lt;&lt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; :-) haha thanks :p güsel ışte hepsı o kdr has tons of friends who love her! #includingme everyone follow  now! What's stopping you from doing it again? Go back on stage and party ;D Even if there is no crowd :P x You are welcome!  You are never disappointing! I think that they are dancing at a wedding reception. Did you hear smth like that? Pretty day Back to the school I'm in a bit to this tailgate, getting in the game freeeee  oh yeaaah! I'm watching it now :-) xxxxxx and they were well far away! Up high too! Blackpool is bigger than Manchester. ITS FRIDAYYY! &lt;3 Done with class... Now I can rest! #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK : ) , i love  . Birthday nails!!! Thanks  you're the best     #deucefamI am follower 1000, hehehe :D looks like you're happy today. :p Awhhhhhhh I just noticed that I'm in  's Bio! Thanks dearyyyyy :D Excuse me. Im on Coffee. cant even hear yours unless i go down stairs :P Anonymous - Don't Mess With Us:  via  - legit? thank you hun :-) xxxx Thanks for the #FF have a total crush on you!! Aquarius season RT  Today is LEO appreciation day... some of ya'll got my TL on firrrrrrreeeee !!!!! Thank you :-) *muah * RT  Thank you all for the kind words and prayers for my baby dog Penny. Face To The Floor-Chevelle Getting my Steam Punk on at Wynnum/Manly waterfront hello! I love you hi Zai In other news I got a new nail varnish and im really happy with it mensch lisa It ain't how hard you hit It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving Forward I am back to practicing. :( but I can still be your cripp bid! Who wants to be in mine    n  shout out video? :D nahhhh can I contact you then use Annabelles phone just delete the texts :D If this snow doesn't happen I am going to be pretty sad #pleasesnow :D Thank you for the kind words. YES GEORGIA! I wouldn't lie to you no matter what and it the truth, and ure welcome baby  xxx awh wale subtweeted me tee hee. I live to serve. I have not control over who Jane follows - she is a big girl :-) RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Wash!!!!RT   Is a fine girl : ) ouu my favourite is the chocolate dip LOOL, for sure !  what about youu ? RT  10 more followers? Pleaseeee. RT RT RT! :D "Jagan Moment! What if they raised Fox together! :D twitter hugs Im boutta go take a NAP ', imma see yall arounn 5 or 6 yeh totally. does sound a fab opportunity I'll agree to that This is one of my 3 bestfriends  #LoveHer :( “ I just got Rachel's wedding announcement in the mail  too bad my prom is the same day so I'll have to miss the wedding :(” ugh... ight i will I'm "posting" an image to your timeline.. :D Gunna sit in and watch the Graham Nortan show because  is on it ye uk but not plymouth.. falmouth Farted in jojos car an idgaf ! RT  There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.  :D glad you came out Johnny! Haha oh geeze u girls make my day so much better and so much more interesting! Idk what i would do without u two! :D Think #RobinHood  but if #anon steps out of line (collectively) they get no support from me. So far so good FINALLY!! the weekend is here #goodlife follow back? :D back from school!!1 woohoo!!!! its finally the weekend!!! :D lmfaoo all cow boys :D ok im in guys I believe it i'm directioner too!! Haha what's your name? haha! Yes indeed. :p Of course, so i hear you cheatin on me already"/RT   wohooo i get to see my pretty eyes tonite &lt;3 Righttttttt :D ? GO FOLLOW  AND TELL HIM  SENT U ADD #JacobJewels AND #TeamSway TO UR TWEET  !! ILL FOLLOW Excessive ! are my trade mark As are..... &  Are you listening to #bbcaq out of curiosity, Would love to know yr thoughts! Value those who value u....all ppl r fake !!!!!!!!! save me god :P just 2 English and Arabic and for higher class French  wbu? She is Soo cute : ) Almost at rachys! U knw y girl but I ain't goin say nuttin  But I'm call u wen I get hme my brother  told me I was beautiful today  aww RT   thank you!! I really appreciate this kind of tweets! :D #room101 they found where I keep Destery, fuck -_- :D HEY, CHECK OUT T.K.   &  RT & FOLLOW US  THANKS #TEAMTK Found an awesome store that sells jewlery made off of swarovki crystal Yeah it went from scary to weird to over the top to I don't care anymore. Moved onto The Killing now At lunch with my grandma nd my sis #2300 followers, thanks hello, hello! I decided it was high time I follow you on twitter  I hope you're having a lovely Friday! how about 16:30? she would love to come clean house or reorganize. Ha ha ! Wine! : ) Mr H is home, so would be a bit crowded here! lol x BOUNCE BOUNCE BOUNCERRR! :D Hi Peyton I know you're probably reading these tweets and laughing at us  Hahahahaha RT  Who wants to be in our SHOUtOuT VIdEO!???! :D RT  #FF  cuz she's just THAT funny! #Mustfollow fa sho, u won't regret it! :D RT  Elijah's crazy………me and her are..complicated :P & I got a 93 on my honors bio test lol not an understatement just a question AJ! :P Love & Happiness :Claim He Was The Reason The Picture Was Decent But ..Surre :-) ha ha! Sometime I even surprise myself : ) x I'm fragile, handle me with care aw, that's so lovely, it does have a lot of feeling and meaning   Niki. thanks for the text JB! ta :p sumin to think about eh x why the face sha!! Quickly do your hair! Haha! I'm excited. :p hey can u post a pic of u and steph? :D :D Cheers for the #FF Ali! Hope you have a great weekend. #FB RT  Beauty bloggers! I'm compiling a press list. Contact info please!  email me- alyson(at)armorymarketing (dot) com so wish it'd happen&lt;33 :D Believe Tour To Every Country u more than welcome  hw was skool hope day went well *hugs* Haha I was editing music & I made a Rihanna song sound like willow smith :D Just sawcant remember :D check your phone fella Haha sometimes I wish I were a teenager that threw parties and stuff...my mom is never home and we have so much alcohol... :P new yorkkkk i'm here Me and my uncle are sitting down composing music on my home studio lol  Yaaay it's so FUN :D thank you How'd ya do last night?  and thank you so much! I'll have to add it to my bucket list. RT  Don't cry over the past, cry to get over the past.. Don't Smile to hide the pain, Smile to heal the pain. You can only give someone so many chances until you find the right one and move on.  #accomplished RT  RT  Next year i'll be 18  atleast im almost there. #FF          :-) Just bought a 1 liter Almond Pistachio Ice Cream! My Fav!! Now time to go to Fairview Mall  want to join bubz? Hello mate!! #3pointstssunday  Haha... true. Still, I'm afraid of things left unsaid Body slamming vending machines with  to get our cheetos Ur grandma is pretty cool :D RT   Plz help me trend #KuwaitWantsBieber  It means SO much to me to see Justin live &lt;3 ellyn dae think I'm encroached upon #fb Oh Yes!! I love most all sports!! I have extended fam in Orpington. They are but also not looking forward to it! lol  :-) &lt;3 xx whoooa that was confusing! but yes, i knew what you meant :P your welcome Applebeez  wiff my loves dana lol and Ttown bound in my new ride!  best parents ever!!!!! good afternoon followers, thankful for another day Shall go to the Lower Lanai in a while. wholesome party  see you soon Doc! =) RT  #TheBestFeelingIsWhen you see that ONE person you've been wanting to see for forever if I could send it your way, believe me I would!  Hope you guys get some soon! s/o to my new follower haha 4sho me 2  #TeamIphone RT“ Lol i got an iphone im good RT  yessir RT“ Camara ? RT   has hacked your shit tho thank u Yup it's called "what SOPA?" :D I don't know ... I guess we'll find out in a bit Getting a new hubb! Haha heheh at home chargin celly. & i bought 2 extra batteries + charger that charge cell + 1 battery  #lifeissweet RT  aaajaaahaahhahaha thats sick! i went on my iPhone - Voice Control and said "play  " THEN AIRBORNE STARTS PLAYING :D us old folks can do that home sweet home, waiting for Chinese RT   me too, the only reason I go on facebook anymore is for my modeling you better  #goodtimes #EorJ? Haha #memorys :p .. How are you though? babette think I'm flatness and insipidity yw cody new followers tweet me if you want me to follow back have funnn!! jw are you going sunday lottie?? :-) .xxxxx you didn't put me anywhere! I followed amy and lizzie I didn't know where you were xD but yh it would have been good "  Bt I DO LOVE HER!!!  Told u :p lol McDonald's sounds good right now. Follow me  please Heeey Janet! How you doin? :D Have a nice weekend! Any chance for following back a mate? :D xx Dont follow this account back, follow my other account  instead please, ill follow you on both #throwbackFridays  mee Mommy & Daddy night out in downtown York tonight. First stop: The Brandon House. So excited to finally try out this restaurant I prefer Shaman  “  he's the bringer of yoga! Should I bug you to come join me tonight? yeah, I was leaning towards that too :D oh yes, just having some chinese then shall open the vino i need to practice singing too myself.. that's part of why Im on this lemon :-) ewl ya corny get a room. Lol :P hey. have u met   yet ? :p Following All Youu ! Followback : ) Yes please ! Send it  Thank You ! Listo Thinking bout treating myself to Benihana the zombie thing is more of a nickname for me deprived from my love for all Zombie related things..im really a zombie killer I like white cars : ) yes, we gonna do this! WEEKEND. :D 

full of studying. yeay.. not. see you there whatev u obvi the fewl sonn :-) my life line &gt;&gt; your life line :p where we going tonight laughing at me is not neccessary! lol nothing makes me happier than hearing that &  - We Found Love :D RT  Does anyone else find the oven so Attractive these days when its on? :D #IfYouKnowWhatIMean :D Ieuw maybe i like you with you I have fun #nowplaying Usher - Without You... I luv it... omb.. i really dooo... Spending the night with   can't wait. #FF our lovely new followers continued.. ayyyee done it now thanks thnx #FF Me and my brother were physically fighting over the computer so now we're not allowed on. #MobileUpdates :D aww! Thank you for the shoutout! :D that needs another French fry :P S/o to my new followers Not the cheapest but look at little possums online for guidance on choice. Happy to share our experience. that akward but BEAUTiFUL moment When yu See the most attractive person in the world nd yu dnt knw wht to say so You smile and lool away! True ------&gt;RT  There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.  :D can you follow me back pleasee? i love your tweets!  xx I'm glad you like their music :-) Btw, it snowed yesterday! thanksss :D RT  Girl: Daddy can I have some money? Dad: Sure hunny  Boy: Dad can I have a few bucks? Dad: No! Work for it! Think you've passed it?  xoxo I hate dicing red onions #tearseverytime but looking forward to this fresh salsa40 more days till I can drive you around !  can't wait boo .. we're goin in !  Maybe a little late, but YES! We have our Elijah back! What an entrance  too bad I'm always asleep when twitter explodes.. :D You could kiss a mirror. Or a poster, like i do to Zayn. xD The taste of your honey is so sweet  '!! (8) aww, I love relating to   #DrunkVentSesh &lt;3 alfred think I'm sedate and serious That's what we thought. If it were correct, everyone at Tower Hill would be 90 pounds because we keep it very cold in here. alfredoflores's photo  via  OOH Nice hair dude!  XD it got #swaaag only one of the best shows ever! Good choice locker buddy Finally home . Sleepy time . Goodnight peeps awwwww you look very pretty in your picture  #bitch Im such a good employee you taught me to never give up, thank you for everything!  Follow me, please ?  91 thank you lost 9 pounds yay definatly worth it and cant wait to weigh next week  second time around is much easier and more motivated. Follow  and i follow back  It's for a challenge there are BIG presents if you follow him  RT Missin my sweetie pie  already! One friend i will NOT lose RT  I opened it a little for u. Slow day at work On oovoo with this bitch bunica! #ff      They all deserve a follow so go and do it :-) lmfaoooo! Hopefully jay will paste him  or even shirley now that would be scary! That is right.. Which brings you to Rule #2.. I always win.  #nodoubtabouthtat *American accent*"hell yeah!"we can be neighbours and trade frogs :D thanks RT   IMPOSSIBLE! :P &lt;3 Surprise flower delivery at work today from   ....I am one very lucky girl provechooo chiqisss!! Make a graph from the new and old, showing the better performs :P Fresh perm and cut  love my hair...most of the time RT  #CommunicationWorksBothWays hottest new promo team , #MoneyMakinMisses having a meeting today at 7 (BEFORE VEGAS!) downstairs in the library! be there  #VSU!!! RT  ••••RT PLEASE••••  ITS FOR A COMPEITITON THAT WOULD MAKE MY DREAMS COME TRUUEEE!!!!MEANS ALOT :-)   Jukebox The Rock & Mick Foley are still my favs! :D A friendly face, lovely Check out our fabulously cool jewelry by the Foundry :D - waffles & ice cream : ) thank u #MrCelebUK I can't meet the boys but chatting to them would be a VERY good 2nd best  i hope i win Austin this weekend  #pumped #volleyballtournament Hello :D
Go Study! 
Zayn hasnt tweeted back :( okay cool :D RT  #FF   #MustFollow My class ring!!!! :P your avatar baby RT  Annabelle_Ejem far from it hun! lol “  I like that surprise, thanks ” haha my day has been made #lovethistvvillan Woo, watching New Girl! :D Wait til its a bit warmer - depressing at the moment! I hate bluddy winter! Love your photos of the protest, just looked :-) RT  Directioners love Eleanor - Thank you.  &lt;3 Who's that girl.. Its jess welcome! awwwwwww are okaaay Sarah!!! Dw tomorrow will always be better!!  &lt;3 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Dinner made by Raja Makasih uni  , amiiin └(˘.˘└) RT  Happy birthday uda  ! Wish you all the best. maaf telat ) I did think abt it lol I did think u would want to... U wanna go i have my friends sweet 16 tonight! :D thanks for the mention E. Have a great weekend. :-) its true ur family! And if I'm not too old to have parents check on me if I got home neither are you  same goes 4 2nite SOPA is Dead , vuelve megaupload i dont blame you tbh  they are just such funny lessons ! #FF back & thanks! online :D Michael hat nen neuen fan. Love for the gingers  #voice and we did  &lt;3 RT   u gottaaa follow  it's her 15'th 2day!!! :D RT  iLove My True Friends.  They Know Who They Are  ™ RT     - Hi guys, #RHCParmy for life! Free Starbucks coffee is awesome! Thank you Starbucks for the birthday gift! :D I got a make that paper boo boo yea i did the vid cracked me up! :D I stole my bff phone and found these #sexy #sex #xxx #porn #pussy shots xD   #HYQ 2 days before my birthday.   :-) RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly if you want me to follow back, just ask a domani RT  A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it’s based on the foundation you built together. , my friends twitcam :D aha I'm too into new girl at the moment :-) RT   13th November less than brilliant, but surviving. RT   aww love you are the B E S T! The BEST! ---&gt; Aww  love you too ! RT  I love her Thank you for saying that, but I can't do it w/o his permission. It's a matter of principle :(  :| #FANCY: Sexy ;)  *rme* #FANCY: :*  Smh #FANCY: :p  Tah! I like the dictionary app on my Mac shira think I'm illuminative and suggestive check out the video on 1:43 yeaa,forsure we needa hangout soon SHOOOOTTTT!! :D lol Funny guys that are NOT emotional &gt;&gt;&gt; same  wich program? ;) x what is it :p RT  Haha the Beautiful Harry with a tape about.... find out for yourself...  - Thank you :D xx nah nah nah just you innit :P my nails came out perfect :D Followawww noo ! I shld be sick instead of u another thing you totally do bet yes you are :-) aaww thankyou! Hi! Thank you so much! That means alot  I'll be posting the next chapter soon! yay!  dont forget though haha Still need to get round to downloading Resident Evil 4 HD on the 360...Can't wait for the new movie in November! :D Oh yeah #RE6 is trending on ze way Mmm what you having? I had cheesy beans on jacket potato 4 tea  please notice me?? ♥♥♥♥♥ do u know when its going to be done....and remeber to post a pic Weekend coming .. laziness calling me :D good YESSS PLZZ!!! Yo peeps,  meet all 2morrow newcastle! ok? :D xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Msa2km ma turedoun w msa2e ma areed‎​ ♥.♥ , w m77d lh sh'3l bma yreed althanY, okay :p ;) can make any sentence sound sexual... :P gives it a 50% chance to be transformed into a joke...  just kills the convo ! XD RT  There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.  :D haha that's definitely it! ;) gotta stop working so hard, it's not like the next few weeks are important or anything... :P I love this song....  #93millionmiles &lt;----- is my lady lol jk :P ahah ok... thanks :L You put my love on top ! RT   thanks for the follow back you were really good at sickabit  x RT  #ArgentinaLovesAvrilLavigne :D  I love u And i miss you so much♥ yeah  and whole time you didnt ask your mother lol. Just got paid  too bad $40 is going for school supplies, $200 is going for mommy's present and $80 is for my gas #byebyepaycheck One Minute Brownie Cake in a Mug- for *those* days. just read your new post! Proud of you for getting those workouts in this week! Such a good feeling, way to #makeitcount Listening to my babyheart beat :-) lol ill send a picture of a real Mexican #tvoh  is echt leuk :p   you are THE best.. u can only watch it if u have a link. Look at nialls tweets  xx Me nd my bae on our way home! RT  Believe Tour To Every Country :D Please follow me :D xx I guess its one of those "been there-done that" stories :P not even close!lol...sa lupain ng tocino... :D RT   Im back again :D Won £5 on a scratch card :D pretty funny. Also cool that he was allowed to do that. back from dinner and feel me so full ;-) but it was tasty :-) so awesome. As usual! :-) can you say on radio VAS HAPPENNIN EVIE? :D XX I love you too.  RT  I love her  Bout to make some PORK CHOOOOOOOPS Thank you For all my mexican Friends...one of the best teachers hehe well they are right! Think positive! U gonna win!! WHOOHOO!!! help read the book in Spanish!! :D 
 missed it :b I did not know you had a sister :O haha + should do I'm surprised on a regular basis! We have some amazing releases coming up. Patience kk thank you :D good luck Can I get a goodluck retweet for my high schools team 100th anniversary dual meet against our rival team? #prettyplease lol i have such a good joke too that last part but i'll keep it to myself..... :p and you know who i am thank you very much Thank you  The lack of sleep is just because AVN week is crazy busy/hectic for anyone in the adult industry. as2lch ? — Ask :p yeahh  at a footie game would be good! Xx yep! I gave up for a while but one day I got bored and started teaching myself again! Your welcome! Thank you hope you do too! Aye roll on Wednesday, not amused at not having the full 5 days of Straussy :-) yep :-) me too #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Boa tarde gente bonita I Can actually say im having lunch at lunch time  (@ Alondra Hot Wings) krafty you are one hell of an MC mate ;) do you reckon you could have a look at my new Dubstep track? coralie think I'm future minded can you follow me back? please?  and... do you wanna be in my Justin Bieber 18th bday video? just tell me! thanks for the follow stephen "  please baby, please! follow us   kisses from Mexico" فهمتكم :D :D Such a good sister followed you yes prima I found the one for me :D The bear? Haven't found one in my size yet. I am shuffling .... everyday in fact :D  #LMFAO  #Inbox #Comment #F4F  #Twitter - geeeeessshhhh todayy seem likee itss gn be borinqq af OH well ion gt shxdd planned Anyy Damnn Wayys !! no problem! darling, you #called me :P p.s. Bring some damn #oreos im craving them. #time with da #zoeey haha, well get on that! yeah like i hate the teachers and homeowrk and studying bit everything else is fine :p RT  BELIEVE TOUR TO COLOMBIA please Follow  and i follow back  It's for a challenge there are BIG presents if you follow him  RT Out in SC and  is on the radio just got excited  #pickmeup Share :D That's cool  We wanna get as many Beliebers also from as many countries in the video  Thanks for joining  Spread the word OMG!  tweeted about Norway :D You hurt me? I hurt you. Thats how the world turns. I love you too hun  thanks! I try to be. that's the motive...& most def!!!!! cause I've never been...ugh.. Same ol same ol Lool aiit .. Happy nu year tho :( RT   do it for our ppl! Lovely! Friday night is always good  How's you? definite agree to disagree on this :p Ill be 24 in exactly 3 months :( if you didn't drubk my shot, you could have had a chinease, ah your loss  &lt;333 #WhyIsItWhen you run into a spider web , you suddenly turn into ninja ? :D Read my fortune cookie & it said : "You are admired for your adventurous ways." nigga , what ever you go to ;))))) there is a college party i might go too but im not tryin' to FUCK some 30 year old  #Joking No That Just Mean She Good Sucking Cat  RT  is it gaay if i left a bxtch eat my cooch ? #askTwitterRT  We share secrets like bestfriends & we argue like a married couple. Now tell me its not meant to be  #LMT haha it's just arrived now I can't wait to get tucked into now RT  It's #FF and I can't think of a better way to celebrate than for you all to start following  Happy Follow Friday Belated TX for the mention, Jon. Have a good weekend. RT   #nowfollowing coz we have the same name and I like your Avi #followback x &lt;&lt;  followin back xx would you marry me if we didnt win the lottery? that way we've accomplished 1 part of the dream  hows things with you? x Well done! *pats on head* RT   medicine is to cure not to kill :-) hey you  thanks for following me iloveyoutoo. Hey, many thanks for the RT! Only had 2 more pics. Will post em up later I need help! Anyone have good recommendations for powerful women songs? Need it for a fundraising event tomorrow yes! So much fun :-) Chuckle of The Day - The Toilet Seat  | #humor #LOL via  :D Can't Wait To Get My Jacket Made RT   Houba Houuuba ! :p Came to my little sisters super star parade. Brings back some old elementary memories RT  Super crazy awesome portrait session at the State Fair!! Check out the newest blog post! I love those early morning phone calls RT   youre welcome That's Good! :D Yup Good Thanks :D xxxxxxxxx #96Fkries I want a BBK snapbackkkk lidia hagger think I'm delirious RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Early stages Yvonne!!! :D lol honestly though Amanda are you really coming soon or what? RT  #TheBoysWho can always make you laugh aww that one's cute :D Can't listen at the moment, would be rude as we're playing and eating, but will later Omfg ! :D haha RT  i havent got any ass in a month smh this lotion not doing it u gotta follow  it's her 15'th 2day!!! :D ali ezzat? :p hahaha we had this marriage thing! not fun at all dude x( RT  Had loads of #ff's today so here comes our top people to follow..no particular order  Nay, nay, and thrice nay. I'm a YouTubin' kinda girl. follow mee!!!!!!! please!!!!! RT  He's so soft, like a towel :D #newgirl &lt;3 Loving  and  tweets! So insightful hahaha it sounds cool! :D You can vote for Westlife as best "International Group" and "British Live Act" at #CelebritainPopAwards2012 GO! :D xx 6 more followers to 300!! I wonder if I can get  to follow me.... :D RT  Okay guys i've had an idea :D 

We've tried so many times to trend something for ed, and haven't managed it yet, (cont) about to see if i can buy that BIGG final cut pro book so i can study to be certified  i tried doing this in 12th grade but got too lazy No school for me today.  #stayinggghomee Babu - My Beginning | Watch/Listen/Share/Like/ Comment/Retweet/Followback yeah I've told her bout you  that's her Waiting for my dearest david to get out of class to grab some sushi! :D freezing cold out meaning snow trip soon!! :] hopefully haha Letting my eyebrows grow for one more week  thick eyebrows = sexy eyebrows :D you still can't go out lmfaoooo :P Good actually  Yeah I am, it's the final RT  Girls only spread rumors about other girls that they're jealous of & only dumb ppl believe & repeat them No prob Yea.  Are you Mrs.kirkman misses you ! tweet me your 'keep calm and ...' quotes! :D Naw. I already knew how to do it! I used to work at my uncles shop everyday like 3 months ago :D hell yeah Yay I got a laptop TESTAAAAAHHIILLLL YA BU FAISALLL :D TESTAAHILL KEL IL 5AIRR &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 Finally purchased a new wireless mouse :D
£20 Microsoft from PC World. Bargain check this out :P Off to SA Arracherita lol. lol. its true!!! look at me oh look at me is this the way my life should be? OH noooo Oh nooo I miss youu  I hope you're having fun Sent you it! Enjoy Thank you kindly In victoria park met  en zn familie #NP Heart's All Gone -- Blink-182 lml Arizona tea & Casting Crowns in bim.  #happy. so sorry boss! By tmr it shld be done. and good night! Dinner an cup cakes an ice cream tonight an cake an ice cream tomar :-) Hope you like  Is she online or... ?? #FF back at you. carson mckew think I'm sharp and vigorous cheers for the advice u can have happy meal when we go out on our first family outting :D my cheesecake hey there! hope your search is going well  i'm also casting a show re: real-life roommates in nyc: yep, sure RT  NOTHING, I MISS YOU. RT   Wassup shanty BA majoring and psychology minoring in anthropology ocherm erwin is lief ok i will Hahaha,yes!(: I'm on twitter also! And cool,what song? fun drive with cole. haha :-) Shower and get beautiful tonight !!! I wanna start off with a BIG bottle of cirroc Lowkey #BeautyAndTheBeast is the story of my life! lol...i might get in trouble for that i don't want to listen it now...  i'm watching Bundesliga match ^^ shut up or no food for you :p thats why your my boy!! Watch your mailbox ,mailed it yesterday! Me either! They're meant to be together&lt;3 And it's obviously Klaus likes Caroline &lt;3 the way he treated her 20 minutes till close of auction get your bids in!!!! We need all the high bids we can get please :-) c'est un behind the scenes de the Perks' fait par mtv  et merci omg yes pwease  you and shay please why in all the songs you sing first ? and come to israel we love you !! : ) foreveramazayn asked: thats okay  your blog is badman;) lolGlad I don't have class on Fridays. Phenomenal Beauty Yw RT  Aiit..thanks  " Laf wan kill me die RT  What does Lwkmd means ?? RT" jim think I'm 173. Examined That's ageist :P I love you more and more and more and more and more &lt;3333333333333 follow back? RT   i love your icon best dressed? LMAO.  Maybe if you were at a buzz killington party #pinky #familyguy  will get it :-) hopefully with  and  tomorrow. i love you girls. HEAD UP KELS. we'll get some good food in you OMG Perry Como :-) RT  {BLOG} Yellow tights, nautical jacket and a Perry Como song! any new album or mixtape this year? I need my TK fix : ) Got home early , got a ride from my niggaaaa :P Dad has feel a sleep on the chair, it's about the only time he looks cute Eee lazim lazim nswy actions :P knew you weren't pro :p Aw hell yeah girl it's MGO friday! :D *does happy dance* Watching Glee in a hot bubble bath 
#treatyourself follow me please  &lt;3 It was probably his way of saying he misses you sameee :( english and digital environment together :D yay but i also went to one of their concert in 2009  have u ever seen them live? Follow Back My Love  ! Hifi putting system...pretty sure you can get it on the Internet not sure what your talking about :-P but glad you are having a good time :-) x hehe x participando Happy Bday miss. I hope It's the best ooooh thanx love watching him talk with his hands :D RT   Double Date!! Lmbo! Can't wait til baeee get off RT  Plz all FOLLOW  :D &lt;3 xoxoxo assistindo ICarly com :P RT  Retweet if you love Liam Payne Please An Thank You  !! Can't wait to get work out of the way tomorrow, got a good weekend lined up love that saying :D Thanks, chica!  #FF Ok thanks for following!!! :D Cleaning then out running errands for tomorrow and then shopppppping! :D Can't wait tu meet my boo  I wanna meet dha love of my life and dha voice dhats in my heart My wife and kids are playing in the snow in our back yard. They love the snow. I hate it :-) bye Donee I guess I'll be the crossover? :-) ; ctfu. I think you good, you got all the hoes :P whatsapp waiting for you! :D i'm trying but my brain is like:"you're sleepy idiot,i can't think" :p Love is a four letter word #JasonMraz #NewAlbum :D Thanks, as always, for the RT my friend! Cynthia and sally  abouuta go headup, cynthia got this me 2 :D ! and The Amanda Show :D ! oh man, totally Kyle is amazing n.n im sooo excited to see you guys! RT  Chello por favor #MyKinkyRoots I'm the Gabster & I love all ziiiii curlies! :D you're welcome ohnooo i forgot about that one uno :'( i'm gonna search up later That's a fantastic idea! :-) oh. i am so very sorry.  its cause this meal made me very happy. :D i shall stop. I love you too just tell me when its time I can't wait for the Serpent's Shadow, the Demigod Diaries, the Mark of Athena and Kane's Survival Guide :D Just got out of school #AUSTREAM RT   RT  "Love is a four letter word" the album title for  new album?? (cc RT  And coke is not as good as Pepsi taha :D And it was great being there! :D if anyone can cheer me up its u :D xxx Was my condo really the only place that has electricity? HELL yessss. And just found out I got paid for not showing up to work yesterday Its gona be a good day today summer and my Miami vacay. RT   Ryxxie that cover is amazing!!!!!!! i bought the cutest stuff for my cousin's baby . Hi Natalie, thanks for the follow. Happy Friday to you. lool i have time managing problems aswell. Aww nice go and eat  I just going back to sleep so KO'ed =(. Bluh, had a full blown one yesterday. Good! :3 Hey, guess what?! :D Please trend #BelieveTourToMiddleEast  78 you're welcome, Doll Good last couple of days follow back? Heeeeyyyyyyyyyy  RT   ) Sports day was fun!!! Loved spending time with some of my friends :D RT  Its soo Simple!! yu do or yu dnt pick one but dnt expect me to sit around&wait for an answer catrina think I'm intractable and untameable If I wasn't engaged after 8 years, nobody should be engaged :P Finally going home #ThatSadMoment when there's no new Harry Potter books to look forward too. GuessI'll read the old ones "You're the shit. You are a keeper."  &lt;3 Just got home :p you can come to.. you have been my ride and I appreciate it Thank you kindly Anne! RT  Missing   :'( RT  537 followers to 2,000!!! Anyone?!? :P RT  Love these vote 1D pics people have thank you guys I warned u :p I cleaned the sink out for him Oh, it looks like if I include the hash character in the config panel, you strip it out anyway. good :-) Today? It's 20 to 9 at night pal... :p ooow, ar be?  dwi in desperate need i wylio fo...! xxxx  RT  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Michael Jackson we love u so much honey  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ What a great day  can't wait for a better night! you neeed to come visit me soon ... real soon ima visit you tooo !!! i wanna see crissy to  if not sooner then later love yasthanks :D you said you like real people Pixie, well I think you,re a really good singer/songwriter ^^ in fact the best - HEYA. COME SAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!! :D whos in your room? hope they dont mind Work 4-7 then home. Payday tmrw and no work tmrw. idek 'hornyallthetime' what a creative name wow :p x its home  and what I'm really being today...is lazy ;) Mike we're a Mexican Crumbs street team, is there a way we can become an official team? Please, let us know! #CrumbLife Excited and congrats!!!  RT  Today's a big day! It's our movie premiere day!!! RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x = my ultimate dream :') it's going to happen!!! :p #bealad #chinesekaraokescene xx Hey,I found a free report about how eat and lose weight Finally convinced my dad to go to my 18th as Mr Blobby. Puppies!!! RT  “ Damn a lot of people are gonna be in AC this weekend” see you there!!!!! :D On a dreary day like this we should all go home! in a better mood now snot face? :P thank you so much I really appreciate it Hope you all Stowe Tweetuppers have a fabulous day tomorrow. Nice day for it   #stowetweetup BELIEVE TOUR TO COLOMBIA­­BELIEVE TOUR TO COLOMBIA­­: :D Funny postcard I saw at fedex :D Actually I think I first watched it in the cinema. Wkwk makase for? :D RT  Biasa jow say:p wkwkw, btw,mkse neh;) " Lawaa skalii da dgr  da blg wkwkwk =D Hey  I wanna Get MY Heart On with  in (Kitchener) PLZ give me tickets! Haha, we totally will, I'll put it on my bucket list! :D I only have like 5 things on that so far :P lol oh deeeam, OK next Friday then? :-) .. pretty much the main reason i watch jersey shore  &lt;3 loveee him Alrighty then  that's great : ) #yyc RT  Jan.20,1975: Deerfoot Trail opens,named in honor of Deerfoot,famous Blackfoot racer,greatest runner of his time RT  My 10,600 tweet Goes to  she's such a Stranger now &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; but I Love her PLEASE VOTE TOM FELTON  y  THANKS :D RT  :O 1 follower off 700! Peeps help me get there  Please RT! RT  Directioners love Eleanor Follow  and i follow back  It's for a challenge there are BIG presents if you follow him  RT Oh right okay yep I'll do that. Funnnny ass firee drill :D !! funny one ! Haha, how you find today ? KC did great at his Docter visit  n i glad we out of hat place thow  i hate docters 
i juz wat too see my ppl again Ima spoil tf outta my lil nephew when he arrives  &lt;3 RT  &lt;---- gone be there for the kid no matter what you taught me to never give up, thank you for everything!  Follow me, please ?  99 Soo so looking forward to your new music  And then hopefully you'll do some signings ;) good man :-) RT  On set outfit number 1 hair and make up  Vegas tonight! -GOOD LUCK Nesha #FF: S/O to  at Macy's Oakcourt furniture department! Go check her out TODAY!!! You know you need a NEW mattress!!! :-) thank you! Sitting down 4 yummy dinner cooked by my own personal chef...My hubby :-) Yeah like i seriously now am worrying where my phone is #FailOfTheDay :P My Day &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; : ) Degrassi Fans!! Sam deleted his twitter after tweeting something like "Gonna clean my twitter, bbl" I think he'll be back RT @ JoeyGraceffa OMG OMG! I think I'm gonna be interviewing one of my all time favorite actresses! Excuse me while I pee my pants! =D #ThrowBack! Ahhhh, school dances. Will add you, cat or not! I've been joking w/colleagues here that as soon as I join Instagram, I'll flood it with cat pics I'm about to clean up then workout... My body is about to hate me for awhile  but love me later :-) En Italliani's Santa Fe w/3 others! Vierneeeees!! #FF                #wolfpack RT  Rt if you love One Direction boo joint #275 , bisrat is too funny :D Remember : it was your fault not mine , nw leave me im good without u & fine I'm just a happy Ninja who likes to help her peeps :D #iamgladyouarehappy Please One Like :D lol yes! haha i was like "wtf shes still there?" hahahaha :p #beautiesAlwaysWin Let us know if you ever change. We're always here to talk our indulgent drinks! :-) Goodnight whos there? :P RT  SOPA and PIPA were dropped by Congress today  : ) #TwitterOff a entrenar! I love fencing! folllow back Oh yeah I forgot you said! Hahaha, thanks! I'll try adding you in a bit! :-) xx T-Pain is coming to Sunshine!! yeh yeh  u can keep it, its cool :P well so fat you are :p and idk, not the type of movie I would watch? :/ lol ;p love it! Nice work :-) I like havin him as a friend! Haha! The music is definitely a cool bonus since its both our passion  :D thanks I love you  and your competitiveness  never seen a person get so flustered over a thumb war :') RT  My  and my  are perfects! :D I think it too RT   Justin Follow Me please  Love You a lot are the best  love You Of Turn in Chile Daddy Johnson comming over tell him i said hate Going to my BFF house &hearts; Hope we don't find a way to get in trouble Lol  Love her. #Offline RT   u gotta follow  it's her 15'th 2day!!! :D Hoping My Art teachers plan for my Future comes true! :D #Excited Shey unfortunately I didn't get a chance to go to this particular market for ur kh.I didn't even get one for myself this time RT  RT if you would love  She Makes Me Wanna to win the brit hollis think I'm fallacious Fact tht I would come in on an afternoon and watch spongebob x.x :P #FF         PARA Q LLEGUE A LOS 350MIL FOLLOWERS dreamsonlylast asked: ♥ Whoot,whoot thanks Network rail are rubbish bastards... On a lighter note a super duper day! I could punch up to the sky many times over thank you please :D RT  Happy Birthday To   ! Have So Much Love For You Too  ♡ janiece parten think I'm seductive Time to relax with a good book now the kiddies are in bed :-) Skyrim and revision you?just because Im 20 doesn't mean Im just gonna go fuck someone lol.  is like the greatest guy ever. Takes time aywaaaa :D basta3'ba awy el y2felo l bbm fl emta7anat :D da howa da wa2to :D weired ppl who dun cheat :D:D lol aw cool.  what's up? Ayeee  RT  I see you Jordan shawty 😉 RT  pink (: blushing from ear to ear Knew exactly what to say!! All smiles this way!! Getting dressed for dinner with my boyfriend. oh yes ! :D your hair is funny! hahaha but i like it :D It's cool to be different ;D Love u, come back to brazil BELIEVE TOUR TO BRAZIL 3 chilling hangin low spending time with   where have you been? You just don't understand. You never will. Hmpf... #GoingTheDistance with the best person in the world aka myself Listenin to some tunes tis always good  especially if its the sats ;) dunno why i love em so much but i do :D Im Trippin because I wasted my time ? Lol okay I'm Trippin then . It's all good You Better yo :P Me too! :D i love you my beautiful Shai Shai! &lt;3 :D  I love this Not to me it isn't  I subscribe to a Saints fan who has some old Saints games on his account Gday . . . will have a look shortly :-) mmmm tastyy indeed! :P Awh yeah! #letsplan :D YAAY today is my BDAY!! my bday wish would be if my favorite #1 gospel group  would follow me  #officially21 When We Txt Are Conversations Be So Intresting.... definitely am shawnniii !! That comes first  I miss you like a lot a lot 😃 look who passed the magical 10,000 barrier and is trying to keep it quiet!  is now an official #twitteraddict :D Follow Back! Had a fun time on the bus :p Dippin dots make me happy welcome in club hunny &lt;3 :D try not make any noise , ghosts hate it Got my bb back, so happy anywhere im down! Love to hear that! I've never made it to Portland, but think it needs to be on my list.  How is the conference so far? Llamf. These bus rides always be funny in the after-noon :D I'm so jealous for that Harry and Niall followed  u  can u please tell me how u got a follow from them?  x Dont stress shit, just smile thank you! aletha think I'm insecurity and precariousness #ff thanks Alan RT  #WeNeedBelieveTourinIsrael sounds cool :D I've got nothing ofcourse we'll look at Walmart Hey Duckie! :D &lt;3 you nice : ) Believe Tour To ITALY 
#3 #VerifyPaytonRae  come on guys lets trend it and get  verified I know ;S I'm not gonna change it well,she says anywhere with u wud be a delight Haha I don't plan to ruin my northern street cred :p think I'll spend the wkend telling people to man up RT  #FF my chico friends Sorry, he's around the 2:40 mark Watching spider man for the rest of class sweet gills is a good idea! Havent been in ages! Have to have a look at their fixtures we have to go  tomorrow will be a big day ♥ sleep well and have fun on sunday ♥ ( live on lol no baby YOUU a lil slow  but i still love youu RT  This is wen i love Rain the most...wen im hme n in bed If I txt yu daily, there's a reason for that please jenny replace or rt me please i'm your biggest fan from Italy  you are amazing! 13 Thank you Ibiyinka! ♥ :D RT   Happy birthdaaaayyyyyy :* Que si me gustan?? ME ENCANTAN¡¡¡  :D please tell me it's going to dump snow/ice on us so I won't have to work tomorrow?!?! hihi cooool . is one of the funniest guys on twitter go follow him if you dont already :D auto-keyboard tha  maaf :D Why are there so many knobs? My shower just has like 3 - one to start/stop, one for cold, one for hot. Urs is all high-tech RT  Happy Friday QuiBidders! RT this Tweet by 3p CST for a chance at 50 #FREEBIDS! Good luck! RT  #GEMINI'S .. uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh .... OH! THEY LIKE TO PARTY LOL .. i can't say too much bout they ass :p RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x I worry about you... :P #bubbletrouble or #bubblestruggle
27 LVL! LOL! Such a kid but its boring so ya why not? XD I HAD A GOOD DAY BABE HOW ABOUT U ? GOOD MORNING FOR U LOVE Thank-you, Danny! I'm looking forward to the #Royals' upcoming season! #GoRoyals chelsey think I'm forgotten Finished finals and came home to a 60,000 dollar scholarship  good day! Awwh. Well I'm definately back in Wales in May. Because Alkaline Trio are playing. Might see you then. back at you  xx Birthday  #seventeen It`s done. I wanted to make the best of it and after a few heavy days @ the hospital i proposed and she said YES. Thank God  #weddingbells Beachy as long as my ticket and expenses are paid I still love toto though :-) . Its just it isn't something I'm gonna stress. It comes anyway *YOU* in some nice Lingerie  lol Hey  my wifi is back up Lol I'm just laughing at the time I said "okay guys let's put our tongues together!"  &  :p Thank you Anton. besides my stomach being fucked up its been a pretty solid week #ThingICantStand sitting down . That's a great shot #FF  lady of twitter :p lmao! Kk. I got you i think i was following you already love but #followed Got my phone back so I'm done with the outrageous tweets for today. You can blame that all on appreciated RT  country music always puts me inna good mood thanx! " s/o to  preciate the follow ^_^ #nfb" likewise! Follow back? #ff       and new kid on the block   all great guys ...go follow xx :-) follow me plz  &lt;3 3be careful n don't tweet n drive :-) On my way to galvyyy enjoy!! Looking forward to hearing it was fabulous! #FF I know :p Ear infection getting worse, brilliant! still, my English CA went pretty well! yes! Tell me everything later! here you go mate! Don't want you sitting back on your laurels this weekend! All over it! :-) RT  I be missing everything when I don't get on here l0l, smh, everybody in mess... Thank God I passed that staged, kill'em with kindness & a #696969  bio: 8 love the 'pep talk' icon: 9 is it you? beautiful  username: 5 #ILoveItWhen people retweet me RT  Me llegó el poster oficial!! Yupiiii :D  // te vez hermosaaaaa “ Want to win a 1D signed photo ?  Follow me to find more !”.   How??? ♥ thanks Okayy Hopefully aaron can  he likes to get in trouble too much! instagram! take pictures! #FF Away for a shower, back soon Okaii good  xxxx Ooh, it's that part of town, I know it know. Go suburban hell! :p Saints 0 Widnes 1026 .....where are you from now???? haha Haha thanks, only have to wear them in lessons though i love it also Oppa  Your RAP is AMMMAZING ;) AS ONE GOOD JOB  FIGHTING &gt;0&lt; After tutor, I'm gonna sleep till the morning My puppy's sister came over to visit. Puppy play date Perfect. Get to recruiting more people Thanksssss! :D &lt;333 can't wait to see my hunny  tomorrow for the ty ball lol you know this so much in common mrs u should be refollowing me :-) u out this weekend x RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly np love and sorry if that take me long I was away Buon compleanno “ i think i might be in love with  's avi ♥” well i know im in love with you  haa thanxx think you may be missing a gap jumper cus i wear it allllll the time RT  sitting next to  is funny were on the computer & it says congratulations you won she says "STFU I DIDN'T WIN ANYTHING! :D Tell him ohh" My Purple lady isn't a scam o  RT  Cool story  This girl is just" wow. your stories are amazing. you should be a writer :D cant wait for next chapter &lt;3 clorinda villanova think I'm continuous and undeviating you can b to the truth but wat i knoo wat you did today RT  BEY STANS PLEASE READ AND RT 3:45 and under 100 calories  finally getting back on track &lt;3 follow back please  xx girl! don't follow Kardashtrophe72 he's a Kardashian hater! just letting you know! Everyone congratulate my best friend Hannah Altemeier on Coming Home court!!  her face gets really red and it's funny. #loveher okay...thanks! darius rucker tonight RT  morgen party :D nfl international series in october BOOM cannot wait  go patriots Was looking for the retweet button on facebook! :P so many retweetable statuses :P please jenny replace or rt me please i'm your biggest fan from Italy  you are amazing! 21 paula think I'm stretched ooooh ok -You must respect to me.İf you are not you are going to dieee..+Ne diyor sen ben anlamiyor sen istiyor duj? Selina ile film replikleri :D RT  PAUSE RT  "  owwwwwwwww sooo cuuuuute ☺☺☺" thanks bacccyyy Thanks  You are the best ♥ Cool! I live more in the south though ^^ :P Heyyyy Bryanaaa FOLLOWERSSS #HerNieceee My mom is EXTREMELY awesome :D thank you I want my daughter to look like Darla from TheLittleRascals dis le moi si tu trouves :p ahaha :D and oh yeah  LOL im such a noob, I can see it on your page ahah RT  Calling the girls tonight . :-) its friday it is shit and was done in one take, but it's for you.  &lt;3 I never use twitter :P Maybe time for a change me too RT   so do I!!! One day (hopefully soon) my marriage to my wife will be federally recognized hey guys. Thanks for the RT i love u too  &lt;33 Aww thats great!  &lt;3 Signing up for BYU's mailing list  #warmthoughts what are you all doing? :D Thanks It's Tom Baker's birthday today! :D Thanks. J'attend de tes news :P So what do you want? RT  RT if you love  Oritse #ff shes a fibro fighter too, just gets on with it. Team VR and THE motogpjunkie RT  "  owwwwwwwww sooo cuuuuute ☺☺☺" thanks bacccyyy thanks YOU!! YEAH YOU!!! YES THE ONE THAT'S READING THIS IS COMPLETELY BEAUTIFUL! :D ♥ Hell yeah!!! :D RT  Good morning bestie tonight we gonna get high like a motha fucker lol CHAOO A VER LA TWICAM DEL LITHO :D ( live on Aww i'll keep them crossed :D I need a job in the next 3 weeks or my mum's throwing me out.. So yeah... I'm pretty broke too :P aha, this is going to be fun!!!!! well that is if I pull it off :P your gonna get snowed in. 8-10 inches here saturday-monday i just read molly chapter 1 of mine! she likes it, so i think im going to post now if u spit on me while talkin & then when tell u, you get defensive like"NO I DIDNT ,dont play me !"i might just punch u & say the same see me tomorrow!  miss you guys! When you cooking? ;) GOOD JOB HISTORY CLASS....Class average was like a 55 :P try to make it hahaha  just kidding! Don't kill yourself! Thank you! RT  Your something else  RT "  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;" Aunt Kellye is here to see baby emma. RT  RT if you want your name in aston's birthday card?! :D she knew she looked good today Next time I have any time to myself, yeah. We'll have to make a date :-) thanks boo, I did it myself  I'm tired of straight hair -.- “  aww your hair looks co cute !”bless you  i really need a stroll.. i'll shoot up tomorrow if poss.. are you open Sundays? Justin please please make my dream come true would make a belieber follow me happy haha RT  Love has 4 letters but so does hate. Friends has 7 letters but so does enemies. Truth has 5 letters but so does lying. #SoTruee RT  #RETWEET if you have less than 10,000 followers and follow  to gain more You know those nights when you can't fall asleep? Well, maybe it's because you are working on your thesis :p i love the feeling of a hot flat iron 49er faithful even  on the  job at Kaiser Permanente  Go Niners! skye think I'm illustrative and typical Just checking. i wish i could be vegan but i love meat wayyy too much....if you know what i mean. #IMeanDick RT  Go follow &gt;  please RT  "  lol missss you ! tell mommy i said heller"-- Okay  ! She Said Hi & I Miss You More :'( itunes isnt working :p Fina save the rest of this battery so me and  can talk I love you boo college, dumbass :P Hey  you continue to be an incredible inspiration! From out archives :-) Philip Lindholm – Seattle (US) Thnx 4 the likes bro :p — Wlc la tashkreny 7amany wa9any 3alaech Rest in Peace    #EttaJames tenía tanto tiempo de no escuchar a #Creed *.* #NP *My Own Prision* #Perfect Fooood oh ok, thanks Daysha great workout!  now pourin me a cup definitely worth a watch I'd say evidently! If any consolation I could tell it was e straight away :-) RT  watch our twitcam  ( live on chillin chillin you know : ) lol Yes absolutely it is. Will be interested in your reviews though "Home made curry as well" :-) Yea  &lt;3 Hi :D other than that, I believe I'd be a worthy bgt contestant :-) haha you a spoil brat dont you :P New Girl :D tell her i said happy birthday! alisia wassermann think I'm approve and admire #FF RT  IF I STAY 1ST PLACE WITH THE HELP FROM YOU GUYS RT MY FAV SAY THANK U GIVE A VIP TICKET TO COME WITH US 4D TOUR #Ff Aw, I love you.  Text me later if you wanna chill or something. I foresee a lot of nothing being done tonight yeah i know im a nice guy  what did your mom say? haha one of you and danielle! x I'm gonna file a bullying report on you I'm sorry maybe next time cause I will go to my sister's home frankie think I'm quickness and agility #GetNakedLeland is something that should exist. Finishing up a movie on Netflix and I will join in the perving. :D RT   Well thank you! I think he's too busy making pop music about munitions to spend much time on here. :D #eatalandmineforyou oh, i was joking lol. Half our team is Euro lol :p I love our clients going to watch one of the most favorite twitcams  ( live on Goodmorning world *singing*Its Friday Its Friday I Lovee You as Brady on pair of kings anywayz just wanna say Happy New Year mitchel even thou its late Tweet back plz  x Gameplan: nap, dance,  then see my babyyy Hey Columbus! Who wants to buy a discounted  shirt today?! I will personally deliver it to you  Prices negotiable! You are so incredible, I loved your work in the movie :D I hope watch more about you soon  20 yay ! Tell him i said hi :-) “  Ight sounds cool” it's a date  not at all!! RT  #FF Heyy I will #Ff  crazy ass ilove you Bestfriend Are you on Big Brother Bit on the side tonight? I think I'll have to tune in if you are! :D #SexySalpa #weallloveGeorgia You're Welcome of course! who wouldn't want to be friends with a potential cage fighter?  lol. email received today, begins: "Hi Ali, You can matriculate now!"... wow, thinks I, a new superpower! Turns out it means I can enroll. :p RICE :D shit...I have art aswell... :S I'm not doing very well tonight am I? eating meaty fish cakes and not doing my art xx RT  RT  SOPA is officially dead :D :D RT  Just voted  for Martha because... thats really quite amazing.  #flo_tweet Aww cute DP Hi, How are you?!  Hey Can u tell me Something?! Pleaseee  LoveYou! C'mon Babe! MuchLoveFromColombia ♥ Followed  Yeah i want! What I have to do? haha orite then mushh :P so wats up? yes! thank you little buddy :D RT ok high man!...you can shmoke wit him! I have been so lazy today Yey! Enjoy  xx No, not at all. RT  Time to get my weekend started nevermind, I guess we have monday and tuesday off! :D haha :p Roadtrip with Mindy and Sarah with my Drake CD in  #woo Me too, only soap I enjoy watching :P We actually won an ODI? Its gonna rain tomorrow! :p #SAvsSL RT   I do I do  good morning &lt;3 Apartment Shopping “ موتي ولا دمعة أمي..”Smellah 3laich inshallah ma tshoufeen mn omech dm3a nazla mn 3younha Can it be March now?  I want to get to Disney World!!! The 5 winners will be able to choose their favorite member signed photo  Good luck ! Fat full, had Chinese food for lunch :-) Got my shirt today,just in time for my 40th Birthday on Monday....Your store is so Amazing and so are you! Thanks Char! :-)  thanks! :D RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss Ay ma wassup . I smoke I drink me too I'll get the munchies. You sign up for the stoner network while i'm gone :-) a phone call from 1D would be amazayn fabulouis brilliam extraordinharry and phenominiall! best bday present ever!  #MrCelebUK I love you too  “ I love her” anytimeRT   your welcome hun :-) np i love avril too she rocks :D if so it will be awsome : ) &lt;3 happy birthday!!!!!! :-) hope you have a good night!! RT  If you don't like me becuz of a man who isn't mine or yours that says something about you & you can have him I don't want him. Never did waiting for the app store link hahaha it would be awful :P would never be able to catch pointless moments like this :P 5 minutes ago I was freezing. Now I'm boiling, Is it possible to be going through menopause at 16 *worried face* :D yes, I'm also so happy that he followed me. he's amazing. I'm on now and just replied  xxxxx Money can't buy happiness But somehow,its more comfortable to cry in BMW than on a bicycle!! right okay we'll glad to help I tried that once. Alcohol is ecky ! :P Indico&gt;&gt;&gt; Suerteeeee x3! " Woke up not sure of what my future holds, but absolutely sure of who holds my future. #God" check your email Decided I want to play the drum thing. Cherish the ladies are really good. Nice footwork from the dancers :-) ahh that sounds awesomeee :D good luuuck with it :D xxxxxx Lol RT  RT  There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.  :D I know I was wrong... Sorryyyy :((( :P sooo no one what's to be in our shout out video? :p It's Friday! :D finally! YES! please!!!! RT  #ThingsICantStand boring texters... so interesting people hmu Heey(= thnks fr th mention but when iclicked th URL it ddnt come up , is it a present :D , x how is everyone?? Youre bringing me right? : ) no! She isn't goin for like 6 weeks!! :D yeyyyyyy! Totally made ma life! X RT  Niggas with NO followers act like twitter isn't everything I'm having a good time.  . . S|o to my followers :-) Don't stop till you get enough :P caroline I have a question: is it true the rumors of you right now ?because we never know when to be in the true or false follow me kuzzo n law :-) ~ Yes they are lame. I most of helped if he delete the tweet. No one can mess with us  #ifollowback #teamfollowback can't wait for tonight !!!!! RT   sorry i took so long. FOLLOWED. thank you, look forward to tweeting :-) follow back ???? Hahaha  hopefulllly! You where amazing as always   #planetpaulturner few hours to go!  (Checked in at Abu Dhabi International Airport T1) #1Dtowinabrithaward I want to see  winning there first award  &lt;3 aight! just say you love me Subidita a los caballitooos  what a day!! FOLLOW,BACK,PLEASE? I Love U So Much :D I can't wait for #Believe gonna be awesome! &lt;3 dreams do come true. #NSN followback plz.#iloveyouman..21 RT  I HAVE CONNECTIONS WITH JUSTIN :D IF YOU WANNA GET NOTICED FOLLOW RT  #ThingsICantStand boring texters... so interesting people hmu Thanks! Out of all of my tattoos I have no favorites, I love all 8 of em Retweet thaat AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. REMEMBER IT D: hahahah, noo not really! :p RT  RT for a #shoutouut  !!! follow back? hahaha aye their a good bunch, I'm actually from Carrick so like to see them do well A nation of sheep shall be ruled by pigs  #RonPaul2012 I live in Holland. I bet you the Saturdays too then? their music is very good too :D haha why just okay? :p RT  Big Bear retreat today :D Hughs leah!RT   Today im gonna be on Skype keeping  entertained while I watch #GhostAdventuresFriday :-) what ever is easier :D &lt;3 James Blunt - Your Beautiful You could soon become the Imelda Marcos of etiquette! Only another 2500 odd pairs to go :-) RT  PLEASE WISH  A HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #nf  follow back #nf   follow back? just had another look and found that theres more results got an A in the Law module can you follow me back? please?  and... do you wanna be in my Justin Bieber 18th bday video? just tell me! Thaaanks sweeties  #FF xxxx Can I have 1 more loyal follower follow  for me PLEASE? heelloooo I miss you too ! K byeeee :D haha What's up with today, swamp people, the duggars, jason aldean, and like bryan all around my area today hahaha Planning my baby party lindsey think I'm faltering RT  PLEASE WISH  A HAPPY BIRTHDAY! i'm very very hungry right now. melt with my dad at 5 Looked good didn't it? :D :D :D "  hey jana!  u can help us?? tweet and retweet #ArgentinaLovesAvrilLavigne plz!! " #ArgentinaLovesAvrilLavigne Is it possible for you to do one of me for my Birthday next week :-) One person supporting three hundred people doesn't really work. :P Hi Cousin! RT   OMG!!! Congrates  wow! I'm jealouse :p Fine thanks, hope you are also. I still can't sign again, but I do retweet :-) Smile. :-)  You're pretty and it's Friday. That means you have to smile. It's the LAW! RT  I miss my homegurl//*sis  &&nd lil miss aubri Good evening. How was your day? :-) cried with laughter  xxx i do :D why? xx Hehe makasih cantik (˘⌣˘ʃƪ) ko blm tdr ? RT  Cntik aslix ya imut"  hhehe RT You have made a wise choice, my son. Puzzlejuice is the business. :-) We sure are. :D RT        Following you all now... RT   Let us know if you ever change. We're always here to talk our indulgent drinks! :-) when babys r chunky they healthy :-) I Miss Tweeting :D Dinner, Films, Wine, Food With   xx Chilling with my babe later on today  bowRead my response to "JLS, The Wanted or The Jonas Brothers?  ": is a beautifull lady Lunch time :-) (@ KFC) is impossible say what are my favorite song, i love all of them!! But maybe... Down To Earth  27 exactooo Thanks Diva Doll! I don't want you whooping my ass lol Now im jamming to the chilis  #music 
#imwithyou #RHCP naii!! giwrgos o mesaios k dhmhtrhs o megalos :P thanx i don't know you need to tell me when :D RT   your welcome hun :-) np i love avril too she rocks :D if so it will be awsome : ) &lt;3 happy birthday!!!!!! :-) hope you have a good night!! RT  If you don't like me becuz of a man who isn't mine or yours that says something about you & you can have him I don't want him. Never did waiting for the app store link hahaha it would be awful :P would never be able to catch pointless moments like this :P 5 minutes ago I was freezing. Now I'm boiling, Is it possible to be going through menopause at 16 *worried face* :D yes, I'm also so happy that he followed me. he's amazing. I'm on now and just replied  xxxxx Money can't buy happiness But somehow,its more comfortable to cry in BMW than on a bicycle!! right okay we'll glad to help I tried that once. Alcohol is ecky ! :P Indico&gt;&gt;&gt; Suerteeeee x3! " Woke up not sure of what my future holds, but absolutely sure of who holds my future. #God" check your email Decided I want to play the drum thing. Cherish the ladies are really good. Nice footwork from the dancers :-) ahh that sounds awesomeee :D good luuuck with it :D xxxxxx Lol RT  RT  There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.  :D I know I was wrong... Sorryyyy :((( :P sooo no one what's to be in our shout out video? :p It's Friday! :D finally! YES! please!!!! RT  #ThingsICantStand boring texters... so interesting people hmu Heey(= thnks fr th mention but when iclicked th URL it ddnt come up , is it a present :D , x how is everyone?? Youre bringing me right? : ) no! She isn't goin for like 6 weeks!! :D yeyyyyyy! Totally made ma life! X RT  Niggas with NO followers act like twitter isn't everything I'm having a good time.  . . S|o to my followers :-) Don't stop till you get enough :P caroline I have a question: is it true the rumors of you right now ?because we never know when to be in the true or false follow me kuzzo n law :-) ~ Yes they are lame. I most of helped if he delete the tweet. No one can mess with us  #ifollowback #teamfollowback can't wait for tonight !!!!! RT   sorry i took so long. FOLLOWED. thank you, look forward to tweeting :-) follow back ???? Hahaha  hopefulllly! You where amazing as always   #planetpaulturner few hours to go!  (Checked in at Abu Dhabi International Airport T1) #1Dtowinabrithaward I want to see  winning there first award  &lt;3 aight! just say you love me Subidita a los caballitooos  what a day!! FOLLOW,BACK,PLEASE? I Love U So Much :D I can't wait for #Believe gonna be awesome! &lt;3 dreams do come true. #NSN followback plz.#iloveyouman..21 RT  I HAVE CONNECTIONS WITH JUSTIN :D IF YOU WANNA GET NOTICED FOLLOW RT  #ThingsICantStand boring texters... so interesting people hmu Thanks! Out of all of my tattoos I have no favorites, I love all 8 of em Retweet thaat AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. REMEMBER IT D: hahahah, noo not really! :p RT  RT for a #shoutouut  !!! follow back? hahaha aye their a good bunch, I'm actually from Carrick so like to see them do well A nation of sheep shall be ruled by pigs  #RonPaul2012 I live in Holland. I bet you the Saturdays too then? their music is very good too :D haha why just okay? :p RT  Big Bear retreat today :D Hughs leah!RT   Today im gonna be on Skype keeping  entertained while I watch #GhostAdventuresFriday :-) what ever is easier :D &lt;3 James Blunt - Your Beautiful You could soon become the Imelda Marcos of etiquette! Only another 2500 odd pairs to go :-) RT  PLEASE WISH  A HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #nf  follow back #nf   follow back? just had another look and found that theres more results got an A in the Law module can you follow me back? please?  and... do you wanna be in my Justin Bieber 18th bday video? just tell me! Thaaanks sweeties  #FF xxxx Can I have 1 more loyal follower follow  for me PLEASE? heelloooo I miss you too ! K byeeee :D haha What's up with today, swamp people, the duggars, jason aldean, and like bryan all around my area today hahaha Planning my baby party lindsey think I'm faltering RT  PLEASE WISH  A HAPPY BIRTHDAY! i'm very very hungry right now. melt with my dad at 5 Looked good didn't it? :D :D :D "  hey jana!  u can help us?? tweet and retweet #ArgentinaLovesAvrilLavigne plz!! " #ArgentinaLovesAvrilLavigne Is it possible for you to do one of me for my Birthday next week :-) One person supporting three hundred people doesn't really work. :P Hi Cousin! RT   OMG!!! Congrates  wow! I'm jealouse :p Fine thanks, hope you are also. I still can't sign again, but I do retweet :-) Smile. :-)  You're pretty and it's Friday. That means you have to smile. It's the LAW! RT  I miss my homegurl//*sis  &&nd lil miss aubri Good evening. How was your day? :-)RT  RT if you love  Aston now following  x On the courts. Hey! I will find you and punch you for real :D lol I watched it again. The Pugs went bonkers! :D haha okay will do.. Well what can I say? Sweetcorn goes with everything! I'm sure  would agree! :D xx thankkk you Awhh ! I Just Saw Jamar Tall Ass  Lol please trend #BelieveTourToMiddleEast can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . RT  LOL Kylie: "I Should Be In #Casualty Me?" Haha! I'd Actually Love To See Her In It Tbh  #Corrie #Casualty thanks I got it today  x I have had a very busy morning, working on lots of auditions Thanks  RT  On the flip side I like  avi Aww thanks bud! A whopping 18 hours spent at the #office, my personal best.. #dedication :p RT  #Drivetime do u really still believe I asked for 30k I haven't ever asked for any money and I have never rejected anything   rubez & Bee I hope to have my iPad jail broken today :D RT  Nice one to everyone who came to see us today and yesterday! RT  It's the little things in life that make me happy. RT  There's no reason for me to stop loving you, but there are a million reasons for me to stay you're welcome would you like me to look it up in the dictionary? :D oh what school you go too Už jste někdy nechali #Kindle číst česky psanou knihu? Je to docela roztomilé, že se aspoň snaží  #fb RT  Well, selamat tidur buat kalian semua,, thanks buat yg sudah meng-RT update kami, it means a lot for us.. Goodnight guys Always wear nice underwear, You never know when you might get lucky or need a doctor! :P Know we alwayz cum correct :-)   ....I learned from da best:-) lol blanch think I'm miscreant Yeah I'm hoping to get enough grades to go! :D RT  follow me and I will #followback  #500aday #F4F #iFOLLOWBACK #INSTANTFOLLOWBACK #FOLLOWME #FOLLOW4FOLLOW #TEAMFOLLOWBACK 37x I pass with like 4.0 or something.. I suckkkkk sooo much at maths (I have 2.6) --' How about yours? aha my sidekick in crime. W00P W00P! Are you Lauras friend? ^^ I think it was you she was talking about.. ...had a great afternoon though ! my birthday night so prob not. Sooo.. I used the sos button in my car for the first time today :D if i could do both I would :P it's a shame though yeah  :( Follow   Please and Thank you! no worries at all , so don't try & kill my shit. thanks :-) My Ass Gone Be In Cypress Tonight ! :D  agree mate but we dont know what really goes on behind closed doors... dont get this down the happy hammers :-) haha will try not to be :P screw that bastard. Your tweets are amazing Hey Sarah...hope you ok?? I am doing ok considering thank you xx I think I'll be there MWAHHHHHH! ;) Hehe, I'm so sorry, but I have to get off for now. Talk later? You're really nice! :D &lt;3 Hi YOU How Are You? Please FOLLOW My BFF She Is AMAZING:  Follow Her She Is LOVELY & SMART FOLLOW HER RT  NEW VID! Real Death Note!  :D It's a bit of a crazy writers brain at the moment... OK I admit he's a friend of the family :-) well done on your  interview, great reaction to it yayyy!! Congrats! You too! :-) Ahahaaa, I knew you would! In the loop se 2 ep 2 by cityradio via #soundcloud  if you could give this a play and see what you think  RT RT hi can I get a followback Have a Lucky Day!!! thanks for listening to me bitch today  Have a good weekend!! Lub you! Is Too Funny Lol I'm $11,500 richer today!!!!!! :-) time to shop I need a new look. 👟👔💰 LOOOOL the whole school will get involved :P Lets go.!!!!! 
 
  LUNCH TIME!!!” #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK lol no pink no green! Photo: MY BOYFRIEND AND ME :-) the scene was a typical blonde joke. unfortunately she was not a blonde :-) I'll give ya a blow job an 5 penny sweets for 1 RT  Excited for tonights show  thanks to everyone who has payed to see us so far! Big love to all! X RT  HOW TO SAVE MONEY! Tried something a lil bit different, PLS RT n lemme kno wat u think! :D Lmao sometimes only when he's bad :D RT   hi..please help me to reach 500 followers.. I will follow them back : ) please just tweet twice about this : ) RT  "  owwwwwwwww sooo cuuuuute ☺☺☺" thanks bacccyyy RT  This boy has me smiling like crazy  #ilikeit So then what's keeping you there? :p " #Cancer's always want everything perfect like a fairy tale."  - Hahahahaha. :P Leaving birmingham to go to our apartment in london bridge  booom #lifeisgooood RT  I'd like to wish all a top evening tonight in Belfast at the motorcycle awards. Have a Guinness for me! :-) Ditto! Just heard some good news :D Okay, see you later :D hahaha :P yea babes ill be out.. I totally forgot but yea  xx i love it when you text me first, cause then i know you want to talk to me. ...goin back to SA, had a good time in Houston! RT  I'm going to phone a few fans. But go follow   first? RT if u did look at you jamming to Etta I'm just in a poo mood, nothing seems to be going right lately :( I'll be fine tho, thanks for asking  xx its definitely not as weird RT   &lt;3 &lt;3 i love youuuu Happy birthday  I hope you're having a wonderful day! &lt;3 neil hasbell think I'm 462. Transported I'm here in my appointment to do me nails :D I love coming home from school to Your amazing Ustream's  they make my life twice as much amazing!! :D I know, arent they? £25 in the sale! Thank you Asos! :P 3 day weekend :D RT  You give me smiles like Harry styles :D &lt;3 Shows r going soooo guuud guys plz come I want all my frenns n family thr to support me ! okeeRT  RT if you love  Aston now following  x On the courts. Hey! I will find you and punch you for real :D lol I watched it again. The Pugs went bonkers! :D haha okay will do.. Well what can I say? Sweetcorn goes with everything! I'm sure  would agree! :D xx thankkk you Awhh ! I Just Saw Jamar Tall Ass  Lol please trend #BelieveTourToMiddleEast can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . RT  LOL Kylie: "I Should Be In #Casualty Me?" Haha! I'd Actually Love To See Her In It Tbh  #Corrie #Casualty thanks I got it today  x I have had a very busy morning, working on lots of auditions Thanks  RT  On the flip side I like  avi Aww thanks bud! A whopping 18 hours spent at the #office, my personal best.. #dedication :p RT  #Drivetime do u really still believe I asked for 30k I haven't ever asked for any money and I have never rejected anything   rubez & Bee I hope to have my iPad jail broken today :D RT  Nice one to everyone who came to see us today and yesterday! RT  It's the little things in life that make me happy. RT  There's no reason for me to stop loving you, but there are a million reasons for me to stay you're welcome would you like me to look it up in the dictionary? :D oh what school you go too Už jste někdy nechali #Kindle číst česky psanou knihu? Je to docela roztomilé, že se aspoň snaží  #fb RT  Well, selamat tidur buat kalian semua,, thanks buat yg sudah meng-RT update kami, it means a lot for us.. Goodnight guys Always wear nice underwear, You never know when you might get lucky or need a doctor! :P Know we alwayz cum correct :-)   ....I learned from da best:-) lol blanch think I'm miscreant Yeah I'm hoping to get enough grades to go! :D RT  follow me and I will #followback  #500aday #F4F #iFOLLOWBACK #INSTANTFOLLOWBACK #FOLLOWME #FOLLOW4FOLLOW #TEAMFOLLOWBACK 37x I pass with like 4.0 or something.. I suckkkkk sooo much at maths (I have 2.6) --' How about yours? aha my sidekick in crime. W00P W00P! Are you Lauras friend? ^^ I think it was you she was talking about.. ...had a great afternoon though ! my birthday night so prob not. Sooo.. I used the sos button in my car for the first time today :D if i could do both I would :P it's a shame though yeah  :( Follow   Please and Thank you! no worries at all , so don't try & kill my shit. thanks :-) My Ass Gone Be In Cypress Tonight ! :D  agree mate but we dont know what really goes on behind closed doors... dont get this down the happy hammers :-) haha will try not to be :P screw that bastard. Your tweets are amazing Hey Sarah...hope you ok?? I am doing ok considering thank you xx I think I'll be there MWAHHHHHH! ;) Hehe, I'm so sorry, but I have to get off for now. Talk later? You're really nice! :D &lt;3 Hi YOU How Are You? Please FOLLOW My BFF She Is AMAZING:  Follow Her She Is LOVELY & SMART FOLLOW HER RT  NEW VID! Real Death Note!  :D It's a bit of a crazy writers brain at the moment... OK I admit he's a friend of the family :-) well done on your  interview, great reaction to it yayyy!! Congrats! You too! :-) Ahahaaa, I knew you would! In the loop se 2 ep 2 by cityradio via #soundcloud  if you could give this a play and see what you think  RT RT hi can I get a followback Have a Lucky Day!!! thanks for listening to me bitch today  Have a good weekend!! Lub you! Is Too Funny Lol I'm $11,500 richer today!!!!!! :-) time to shop I need a new look. 👟👔💰 LOOOOL the whole school will get involved :P Lets go.!!!!! 
 
  LUNCH TIME!!!” #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK lol no pink no green! Photo: MY BOYFRIEND AND ME :-) the scene was a typical blonde joke. unfortunately she was not a blonde :-) I'll give ya a blow job an 5 penny sweets for 1 RT  Excited for tonights show  thanks to everyone who has payed to see us so far! Big love to all! X RT  HOW TO SAVE MONEY! Tried something a lil bit different, PLS RT n lemme kno wat u think! :D Lmao sometimes only when he's bad :D RT   hi..please help me to reach 500 followers.. I will follow them back : ) please just tweet twice about this : ) RT  "  owwwwwwwww sooo cuuuuute ☺☺☺" thanks bacccyyy RT  This boy has me smiling like crazy  #ilikeit So then what's keeping you there? :p " #Cancer's always want everything perfect like a fairy tale."  - Hahahahaha. :P Leaving birmingham to go to our apartment in london bridge  booom #lifeisgooood RT  I'd like to wish all a top evening tonight in Belfast at the motorcycle awards. Have a Guinness for me! :-) Ditto! Just heard some good news :D Okay, see you later :D hahaha :P yea babes ill be out.. I totally forgot but yea  xx i love it when you text me first, cause then i know you want to talk to me. ...goin back to SA, had a good time in Houston! RT  I'm going to phone a few fans. But go follow   first? RT if u did look at you jamming to Etta I'm just in a poo mood, nothing seems to be going right lately :( I'll be fine tho, thanks for asking  xx its definitely not as weird RT   &lt;3 &lt;3 i love youuuu Happy birthday  I hope you're having a wonderful day! &lt;3 neil hasbell think I'm 462. Transported I'm here in my appointment to do me nails :D I love coming home from school to Your amazing Ustream's  they make my life twice as much amazing!! :D I know, arent they? £25 in the sale! Thank you Asos! :P 3 day weekend :D RT  You give me smiles like Harry styles :D &lt;3 Shows r going soooo guuud guys plz come I want all my frenns n family thr to support me ! okeeRT  Wanna F&%K?! "Right Here, Right Now"??  thought so as well! Watch me slide into  :-) :-) Op Wed, but yep, you're right! Happy birthday Rob Bourbon &lt;3 :D I love I'm in. Nick?  x Thank You ! :D what was the better of M.J episode ? walmart then hang with  &  :D #goodday i was born surrounded by sports , i was born to play  , FOOTBALL is My LIFE! me and Caitlin r goin at 11 so tell. Shipley at the train station I'm already there thnks :D I'm propa buzzed -_- i wanna go hme come get me lol but i gotta support em following Ready to go home & snuggle with my best friend : ) sent me to follow u guys!!! Yall cute  nd hav great music had a deso ass talk wit  . we started off rocky at first but now thats my lil homie The Joy Formidable are from N Wales. I've seen them play a few times - they're really excellent live. you get my mail ? okay yes I'm down!! " I so need a girls night. So I can #manbash the night away" im havin one tonight :-) RT  #FF    4 weeks until I see them!! :D bachir !!!!!! Thankss Alooot :D anajddd ))) yess akeed ill tell u bs 5ales shooting the parts ! RT   post a pic! Sorry Girls I was watching the fabulous match of my fabulous favorite team ! :D RT  Who wants some #FF love from Darryan ?  RT this great workout RT  NEW VID! Real Death Note!  :D Graduation night was very memorable... Thanks to my crazy friends! no problem that would be me  haha haha I see. Truth comes out, u like pain do u?  haha go for a run today! It will make that soreness more sore! :D the very same Omg this song  loveeee Jason walker- down good morning كيفك؟ He was happy  I know he was 1/27 I love when I have matching underwear & bra RT  So many ppl are taking the #BodybyVi #90DayChallenge! Wat do u have to lose? Weight? Great :-) Mumbai  But i was born & brought up in Doha, Qatar RT  New Version of Titanic :P What do you mean? RT    because i like it Fuck Ms. Thomas. Me a bad kid? #littleangel right here. :P THANK YOU! :D indeed  wonderful review goooodluck! Love yalllll I'm ALSO SUPER ready to see  at #codeorangerevival!  I've been waiting for that since the beginning. :D RT  “     ناقص تقول انك جلجامش يا نسل اوال ودلمون” I got the follow! I Love U So Much :D I can't wait for #Believe gonna be awesome! &lt;3 dreams do come true. #NSN followback plz.#iloveyouman..47 ih belum tidur, pasti bsk libur RT   Just follow the beat, the rhythm will lead you right back to me. #eaa #nyanyik GF? " S/O to Claire *winks* RT  Dats d way forward :D RT  Ashawo! RT  Toh badt RT I'm over my limit so i'm on my other account :P It's The combustion of sulfur :') :D hey how u doin I 💙💜💗💚❤💓💛💘you. Welcome to twitter. #noob Me: "What's up son? You been riding me. You miss me?" Little Brother: "Yea, you been dead. I miss my sister." AWWWWWWWW! :D oh my  my first and loyal follower haha how are you thanks shell) ah wicked  I will do x yeah I can't imagine them ever on their own. Dec is the funniest though FOODDDDDDDDDDDDD : ) TY  RT   heylo PUNKANGELFACE. been a while been a while. I see you're still up to your tricks. very niceness. S/O to my sis  .. WELCOME TO MOMMY WORLD  #TeamMommy RT  Lots going on today! Chuckfest banner's up for auction, 511 airs tonight & it's the final day of Chuckardy! Keep an eye on your timelines hehe so sweet of you  I am blushing :P i need your email again so i can send you this mixtape please and his tweets I already did.  how and where can i claim my prize?  Thank you.  #Grd5b3vH should write me a sick entrance theme! :P Lovely meal with my mum you know me :D Much appreciated!!! Hope the home made pizza lived up to expectations WOW...someone is Twitter-Happy today :-) oh, and I absolutely agree:-) Princess night tonight t chick-fil-a Olathe! Bring ur little princess dressed up   & I r working from 5:30-730 #EatMorChikin You're welcome! :P #FF me   !! Cuz im the bomb wow, I'll try to watch that movie haha, especially if they are like me and are too lazy to thoroughly read and just skim haha :P #Imposter lmfao omg it killing me! My mom has it, and its GUESS not gucci! :p RT  NEW VID! Real Death Note!  :D Thanks again! Doubletime!! :-) &lt;3 RT  #ff   (cont) If it's meant for you, you won't have to beg for it. You will never have to sacrifice your dignity for your destiny. I know you areee :P Talking to my sister on bbm Olive Garden with  & RT  Follow the two ultimate Geeks of  → ((  ♥  ))  #FF &lt; YAY Thank you Sunil!!! =)) Becky and Kylie just had a classic moment in Corronation Street! was funny RT  this is what i'll look like inside when i meet  :D RT  I don't think I've been this happy in a long time. I don't know why, I'm quite weird Yayyyyy I love you follow me pleaseeeee  i love you!!! &lt;3 #CantWaitForBelieve off to sugar hut   excited much RT  Wouldn't it be nice if your iPod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it? :D Aww,, you take care too! RT   Your picture with  is so cute! Off out wit my Mar  love you Is the closest person I have ta a boyfriend and I'm perfectly fine w/that! haha I'm sorry you were just the first person that came to my mind #loveyou RT  There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.  :D Aww! Yeah thk God hun  ({}) RT  I thank God ma baby  is safe despite d kano madness ({}) s/o to all my new followers RT  Sometimes we blame God and ask Him why certain things happen to us, little do we know that he's saving us frm a huge disaster big night last night? I'm in berlise so would pop over but don't wanna ruin the meal Ergh it's so staged and annoying :Pthanks for the #FF but have you bought sprays to write on your belly? Sorry For Party Rocking :D xxx i have to take a break lol my hands are hurting and its cold at the bottom of the stairs...but at least im almost done PLEASE hehe that's fine i love you Math baby! RT  Retweet if you like somebody. your welcome.! :D #nf yes! there was sososo much people! I still enjoyed gym though :-) #FF she's brilliant and really deserves more followers " Glad to have you back, I love you so ♥ #O2O911"  yess. lynn think I'm indulge and cherish I can send you the adress of a simple video editor Phwaaaar it's lovely! Love that's it black, too! :D x thanks for your #FF mention too! :-) your welcome girly ! :-) I think my tweets are finally unlocked :D don't know who you could like bb..bit stalkerish in my opinion.. :p RT  Want a followback from me? 1) go follow this epic accounts that I love   &   ♥ #muchlove RT if u did Let's make it come true then :D nice haul! is one of those avery? I just picked up that color today, it looks like such a pretty nude! RT  ❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ I get about as much attention as a White crayon krystina bertrano think I'm receptive and responsive Thank you!  &lt;3 But I also wanna be a tweleb hawu!! :-/ RT  M'Gabe "LaDy_:  NF ---&gt;  #PFB Yes? No? OkaySHAP!!" it was just a answer to a question on vid diary 3 xx lol Watching the little rascals :-) Oh yeah buddy..! :D ok, who the fuck is that? :p RT  So cute! RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Absolutely - I'll put that topic in the line up no I don't actually watch it but I've heard lots of positive things about it...maybe I should watch it haha! :-)  xx so excited about the weeks to come!! Happy Birthday ! :D ❤ Follow Me! Pleases is my fream TE AMO I'm Jadenator   2 OMG, Daniel Craig just tweeted and just gave me a RT me. :D oh yeaaah tommorow with my class heading to Krkonoše :D it' s gonna be #epic . Let's do this poo  so by twitter :* Hmmmm... agree but think today will burn off into a nice afternoon #fingercrossed :D Without my family I'd be nothing good :-) I listen while I work, so that's one or two a week on average. #lazy To my best mate zandra mumm think I'm puffy and dissipated That shit don't matter bag her ass shiddd RT  she 45 though, if she wasn't id bag her Watchin The Amanda Show! My shit : ) Follow back I would greatly agree RT  RT BELIEVE TOUR TO ITALY  SALE PRIMA! BELIEVE TOUR TO ITALY  daiii RT So! She was there after that rape charge! & infidelity, so hush! :p odds are I "borrowed" it from you I see you 🚙🚗 Hi dear ,How are you #LiamFollow1DTourUpdate PLEASE  &lt;3 hahah  #wearemad I cant wait to see My Love Bunny tomorrow 7555 Friday night full of crappy irish tv gotta live it I should go to bae's game tonight & suprise him :D Theme nights?? I wanna wear my long blue wig! thought I overreacted for a while. But I didn't :-) excited about meeting up with a new bass player saturday : ) Patent and market this idea for the next big meme. :D My favorite song is:Down to earth, Up, Pray, Never Say Never and Mistletoe &lt;3 :D  15 I LOVE YOU TYGER! BELIEVE TOUR TO MIDDLE EAST!!! Plz notice ur Arab Beliebers! :D WE LOVE U! #NeverSayNever right?! #Makedreamscometrue! =) So old . but i Love This We're taking it to the sky   Up we'll make you tan with a spray tan  haha. your welcome sweetie :p Yu could always follow me back! happy birthday baby i bet its goin to lethal  #saywhatifeel ayeee follow me! Hey  it is not too bad i am just at work! xx RT  RT 2 WIN!   Hey  I wanna Get MY Heart On with  in (ENTER CITY HERE!) PLZ give me tickets! RT  So cute! RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly RT  ❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ I get about as much attention as a White crayon ahh ramones - i see :-) RT   54 isnt that cold. 3 yrs ago when i lost power i had ice crysals in my toilet! LOL I like telling that story Wat You Gone Do When You Get This Bow Chicka Wow Wow Ben Mitchell, I prefer you before you went in prison #JustSaying :D I feel like they put your town in just to make the other ones look nicer :p Haha, I know. She looks like she could be her sons grandma :D RT  RT if your in between the ages of 15 - 21 Are you doubting me again? :p I may wear my rose one tommorow  I haven't wore it yet that's the best :-)  last her me and my girl got snowed last winter it was so sweet lucky you Thanks Russ!! :-) RT  #ff      (cont) thanks:D il give ya the money for them later  x So I Fell Back Asleep . . Smh , But Any - Way I'm Up Now &' ndd I Juss Got Out The Shower : )
- cleannnn * Dont worry, be happy Greek peak here I comeeee :D Tell  his painting on the wall is skew Can't wait for a lie in tomorrow morning  #knackeredLaying in bed watching a movie  way better than being stuck at school at right now awwh well done!  yarh helping children out with special needs etc RT  “ Who is coming to San Fran? #ALLIN” I'll be there in Big Blue Spirit!! you better score today for me :P Home :D bought half of my books. I just need 2 yaaaay Shot for me cover of haha uh oh....wait ..I dont care, she can smd  lol dis she yell? :D RT  "oya. Change A̶̲̥̅♏   Feel like changing joor RT (cont) thank you  &lt;3 xx One day you decided to stop calln, One day i decided to stop caring, WE BOTH MAKING DECISIONS 'Dirty Girl' pretty good.. But Pwaah  Great moves you've got there :P Grannyfied Have a lovely time. got my first softbox the other day. Man can we say awesome light. I DO, DON'T I! I'll bring 'em for you on Monday hih don.t worry RT  RT  Anybody who's ever done tech support for friends or family will appreciate this. RT  #oomf toooooo funni...u clingy #af yo..but u talk the most shxt! haha.. get a life You are my god, I love your smile, your music, your voice, I love you. Spain want u &lt;3 follow me? xx  71 RT  #BecauseOfYou i know i deserve better lol ain't we a pain in ur pretty ass sometimes:-) :-) :-) lol Yes! pretty cool. what r your topics? I will give you some klout  be sure and follow  she's the best ) Islanders skate past Philly easily!! :-)  play host to 'Canes Sat at 7PM!! We WILL have the game on TV so c'mon by Blue fans!! RT  I like how  retweets something, and then explains it in her own tweet, lmfaooo. I find it's because you don't have the "getting up for work" thing to worry about. Good times indeed. that's great news Nothing! I'm Going to take a Siesta u goin to the 1D concert on tuesday? homebound..yaaaay I feel fvcking sleepy and tired! need to grab some awesome rest..mornacht butterflies RT  Make this an epic night :'D muahahah :D i could see u with me will auch ein Android Handy I know, but i cant tell gila! RT  Unyuuu detected! Welcome to the UnyuuuCommunity  RT  biongo ! RT  Unyuuu detected! Welcom Gonna watch "Ghost" right now..m really excited..love horror films Off work earlyy  Nap time! thanks for the #FF but have you bought sprays to write on your belly? Sorry For Party Rocking :D xxx i have to take a break lol my hands are hurting and its cold at the bottom of the stairs...but at least im almost done PLEASE hehe that's fine i love you Math baby! RT  Retweet if you like somebody. your welcome.! :D #nf yes! there was sososo much people! I still enjoyed gym though :-) #FF she's brilliant and really deserves more followers " Glad to have you back, I love you so ♥ #O2O911"  yess. lynn think I'm indulge and cherish I can send you the adress of a simple video editor Phwaaaar it's lovely! Love that's it black, too! :D x thanks for your #FF mention too! :-) your welcome girly ! :-) I think my tweets are finally unlocked :D don't know who you could like bb..bit stalkerish in my opinion.. :p RT  Want a followback from me? 1) go follow this epic accounts that I love   &   ♥ #muchlove RT if u did Let's make it come true then :D nice haul! is one of those avery? I just picked up that color today, it looks like such a pretty nude! RT  ❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ I get about as much attention as a White crayon krystina bertrano think I'm receptive and responsive Thank you!  &lt;3 But I also wanna be a tweleb hawu!! :-/ RT  M'Gabe "LaDy_:  NF ---&gt;  #PFB Yes? No? OkaySHAP!!" it was just a answer to a question on vid diary 3 xx lol Watching the little rascals :-) Oh yeah buddy..! :D ok, who the fuck is that? :p RT  So cute! RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Absolutely - I'll put that topic in the line up no I don't actually watch it but I've heard lots of positive things about it...maybe I should watch it haha! :-)  xx so excited about the weeks to come!! Happy Birthday ! :D ❤ Follow Me! Pleases is my fream TE AMO I'm Jadenator   2 OMG, Daniel Craig just tweeted and just gave me a RT me. :D oh yeaaah tommorow with my class heading to Krkonoše :D it' s gonna be #epic . Let's do this poo  so by twitter :* Hmmmm... agree but think today will burn off into a nice afternoon #fingercrossed :D Without my family I'd be nothing good :-) I listen while I work, so that's one or two a week on average. #lazy To my best mate zandra mumm think I'm puffy and dissipated That shit don't matter bag her ass shiddd RT  she 45 though, if she wasn't id bag her Watchin The Amanda Show! My shit : ) Follow back I would greatly agree RT  RT BELIEVE TOUR TO ITALY  SALE PRIMA! BELIEVE TOUR TO ITALY  daiii RT So! She was there after that rape charge! & infidelity, so hush! :p odds are I "borrowed" it from you I see you 🚙🚗 Hi dear ,How are you #LiamFollow1DTourUpdate PLEASE  &lt;3 hahah  #wearemad I cant wait to see My Love Bunny tomorrow 7555 Friday night full of crappy irish tv gotta live it I should go to bae's game tonight & suprise him :DPleaseee follow me :D #FollowBackFriday pleaseeeee &lt;3 lovely movie night on the sofa with #NowFollowing  
She is really beautiful, & has a gorgeous smile & a amazing body! #MustFollow #TFB #TeamBeautiful &lt;3 It's Friday : ) RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about yay i'll make you head of my sex-pest fanclub! Follow Me! Pleases is my fream TE AMO I'm Jadenator  6 She A Boss So Its Cool Its  in Our Blood Line New design up on #Etsy and my website   have a peek.... course :D xx haha xD What?! You've got like 9million followers, some must be pedos :( What options are you taking for sixth form? who/what is that? #nf  follow bck! Tweet a pic of her!!  hehe RT  RT this if you're following me and u want a followback! Go follow ----&gt;  &  first I leave today your wares seem to be shipping quickly  tonight - as does the contents of my wallet :-) -__- if you dont like it leave. Its very simple. we can have a play around tomorrow to find out me thinks :-) different, although it was her fault amy came on. i know the finale... i hate season 6 and 7 mostly. 5 is the best :D &lt;---is blastinnng my man Jeezy 



on my way too the trap house to help him bag his shit up... nasılsın ? iyisindr inşallah we need u back in Seattle :-) #Jadenators Follow me Please  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH ! thanks for the follow lol, fear? Its a freakin phobia haha :-) Hi YOU How Are You? Please FOLLOW My BFF She Is AMAZING:  Follow Her She Is LOVELY & SMART FOLLOW HER little voices in my head :D  #CimFamPower This has to trend. To show the world that we are unstoppable. :D Okay Cool And We Making Moves At 5:30 and 7:30 , NO QUESTIONS ASKED. Okauy , Cool! Love You being good trying to save and lose weight ha! gwendolyn sebranek think I'm clogged and dulled RT  Twitter is so useful sometimes! btw, yall should go follow me   i follow back! I'm gonna marry the night! - on way to Lucerne! :-) congratulations! i know me eitherr #goodtimes wow so i just googled y i sweat salt when running i am low on sodium & electrolytes so i guess the pickles were a good idea " Photo: me   and  on a date RT  I want to give people #ff I never did it  RT if u doo! Finally done FOLLOW ME PLEASE! I LOVE YOU #Jadenator!  5 lol a few people didn't know It cured me!!!! :D hahahahah!! Can't beat a good jeager train!! I'll join u soon :D You did?!? XD whaha what did I say then?? :P Goin to my nans for the weekend #ilovenans It's fucking pouring rain!  I love the west coast! : ) Saw Ides of March Loved it  what a performance by Gosling to add to his list :D WHAT ITS LOOKING LIKE TONITE?  " WHERE IS MY SNOWBUNNY  AT" IM HEREEEEEE Achtzehn :D but idk if thts how u spell it .. I used to take it for GCSE :L I'm in the competition military! I know Nole will retain his title I am sure of that :D I want Janko to do well too though. :D RT  New cover!  VALERIE by Amy Winehouse! RT!!! Hoping I could get to 1000 followers by tomorrow! :D xx awwww congrats  I've just been too busy or not in the mood to drink. In Spanish With  &  :D I lost track of my thoughts while writing that the pervious reply. For a minute, I don't know what I was talking about. :D RT  Thank you to  & staff at KIISFM On Air...we had a great visit this morning. u. i ll play cricket with u. :p pretty name  are you really from London? x Ok, thanks RT   Good stuff! We are hoping the trial works out well so we can keep the lower rates for good that one ? Been Doing Just Fine " I love her" I love you too follow ? I hate when boys act like they dont talk to other girls. If you do just say it idgaf :P عدل yeah it was cool Lay you love on me  ♥ mamma mia the movie ♥ #movies#mammamia only if you had the limo driver getup Kickin off this new weekend in search of a kitten  then hanging with  ))) &lt;3 just tweeting and watching tv  wbu? Ah right, I have a season ticket and try to get to as many away games too! :P But still....you play football? #Hero You must write more often yar. hahahahahahaha I know man it's like a Trilogy Suite a long song in 3 parts lol. Vamos El Apache :p its good hun and yeah a little short :P xxx please follow mee??  xoxox s/o to  ! everyone follow himm! i am jadenator&lt;3 you are my inspiration please followme  i love you:* 3 RT  ❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ I get about as much attention as a White crayon Awesome! We look forward to meeting you in March GET READY 4 TONIGHT - INTERMEZZO thank you RT  I got a family size bag of takis :D awh thx   #FF THIS #CUTE GIRL  SHES SO ADORABLE LOL!  That's why U are my Twitter Bestie&always supportive which gives ME encouragement.  *You Da One* Ha Ha Ha... I like the celebration tho RT   Merci :D #BelgiumWantsOneDirection !!! :D RT   nothing quite like a good  before NYFW!!  Get it done wow!! Congrats it's a great spanish :D Thank you honey! I am ashamed taht you are short supplied. you are totally not ready for the zombie apocolypse. Fix it! Yayyyyyy someone texted me u too!  “ Have a great weekend! #FF Glad to hear it  Ayeeep - its good!! RT  Waking up with a heavy rain. Bed becomes ten times harder to leave when it's rainy :p I Know EVERY Word To Lil B's #BitchMob Athem  Me & Him Can Write The Lyrics To The Whole Song If We Want Lol Thanks bria 75 degrees in Dallas  RT  I hope I can get out of Detroit before the worst of this storm hits. nice :-) what you getting upto at the moment? I sent u a msg check RT   haha damn wish you did! :p bem Vinda ao #twitter ! :D S/O to my new follower,   ! Ju3mah Mubarak ) &lt;3 I hope you have a blessed friday typical breakfast :D Hey nf followback I HAVE THE BEST BOYFRIEND EVER #ff -----&gt;  the nigggggggs  #teamDESTINY ayeeee RT  I got 99 problems.. and weed solves them all :-) umm well here's an idea, you can mail em to me So, my lovely gig/franKo friends next time you see me I'll look v. different! :D :D. [Can't wait to see you all too! :') ] beyaz showwwww  megan fox &lt;3 RT  #Nf  follow back ? ahahah i dont have a problem with that lol  we can do it for Justin ;) and good i dont want you to leave me Going Out To Eat Later. :-) good   I will not go easy haha Shake dat ass :D ....love dis video And for a really posh party (after my birthday) I'll buy a new dress then RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x *does happy dance* RT  ahhh ! I love going &lt;333 RT   I'm going to Disney on ice tomorrow!!! :D lol please notice my little sist  and me, follow us plz #neversaynever right?  26 ok, i will give it to you tomorrow! Cheers... please notice me? Anybody wana shout me out? Same :| probably just wanting to be a bit nosy haha oh don't worry, track is the only thing i look forward to I guess ima go to this game #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK hello hello :D lucky! Can't wait for the new album then new tour :D RT  pleasee can i have an RT or shoutout because i'm 10 away from 100!! RT  #TheLandofStories is a "young adult novel" but I think anyone of any age will like it. No need to kidnap a child to validate the purchase need company to watch #underworld :awakening tonight… anyone? Meet me for coffee on Monday and we'll have a proper bitch session :P xx , Mhmmmm, Its Coo Tho ... Id'll Be Otherrr Times ... Fell asleep in 3rd period today! :P lmao For once 3rd period was fun! :p RT  Yo C que es Relajand lol RT"  =)) eh relajando :p LOL" how are you :-) jacques think I'm present and tangible hey Jaden, follow me. Please Works for me! I'm excited. OOhh for the blog thing? :D I love you bitches more :D PLEASE FOLLOW ME ILOVEYOU #Jadenators FTW :D 12 my shorty is the bestest . RT  #AquariusSeason is here :D #TeamAquarius we're ready! Let's go!!♥ Awesome! Thank you for that info. It will help me when ordering online RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Thanks for the RT! I would love if u vould follow me for my b-day!! Making your dreams a reality! Or never giving up!  Hope you notice me honey, you're perfect! I don't get urs ..but u don't see me twitting bout it :P follow me and  we love you disgraceful! We defo need to sort this out  x You're welcome  I'll be fine thank you &lt;3 Just had an argument with someone, now they're not talking to me xxxxxxx Zumba fitness with the girls was hilarious :p bloody knackerd now..... Oh I do unfit ;) RT  Broke Bitches Favorite line is.. "I Deserve Better"... Noooo, you deserve a N*gga just as Broke as you Bitch! just sent you an e-mail. let me know you received it RT  Rt if i get to 35,000 followers today I will help 1 person that retweets get followers : ) I dance in my room even without music. :P  RT   nicee okay Heey can i have a follow back plz :D HAHA. No, no worries! I won't let you go! :P i was thinking the same thing  try and contain your excitement That's NOT my twitter name anymore ! Now it's   but, how sweeeeeeeeeeet. You know it's gonna be a good weekend when Pikachu's randomly trending just before it :P Im A MALE & I Know So Much About HAIR ! : ) I'm fine :D How was your day Gosh!! I´m in shock  started follow me! I´m so happy :D thnx, thnx, thnx, you´ve just illuminated my day, love u &lt;3 RT  a special thing to Demi haters RT  I never Trip over what aint Mines You tell me. forsure :-) RT  I've watched 2D movies , 3D movies and now I am waiting for 1D movie :D &lt;3 Haha really didn't think that on my friday night I would be havin like a shootin war with p6s and six year olds :P fun times Thanks I've been told! :P My God Kids Are Adorable! I Need To Get Them Some New Stuff Though! :P
#BadGodMommy &lt;3 :-) :-) ☺x) ! Ha well how old are u ?  ☺ RT  Be proud, say it loud!" I have been blocked" by #leannrimes  RT if u too have had the honor of being blocked! RT  I told my girls you can GET IT. hence the :-) at the end :-) x is that healthy though. I think I have to help you out to make it proportioned :P You were amazing as always  #planetpaulturner #Jadenators Follow me please  ! #threequestions She is researching M&S for a blog. :-) Hahaha no that happened at 11, I'm a Saudi I came to Dubai yesterday people who take orders where I live speak Arabic :P RT   Recording it soon! That coffee was great :D RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think aboutFallo me back!! : ) thanks boo Yes girl! Jesus be a fence! RT  Still in route for my interview tho Watching the princess diaries at work  by myself because Jess and Anthony left me :( RT  I just ordered and spoke completely in Poruguese at Starbucks and got exactly what I wanted... #Proud I have a fair few records too. Pride and joy! :D xx PLEASE FOLLOW ME ILOVEYOU #Jadenators FTW :D 20 das idd wel cool :p 1st day back to work after my travels in Italy and Paris over last 3 weeks... thank God ive eased in on a Friday! positive things happen to positive people i am jadenator&lt;3 you are my inspiration please followme  i love you:* 8 Follow me my love. I love you so much! You are my inspiration, my boyfriend :D Hahahaha!7 asbdhjfkslasdj i love ur show :-) what do you mean there was no me and marija its just that I liked her I may have moved on but who knows :/ About to watch hella movies, Text me or call me hey you guys can come at 1:30  i'll call you later :p :p :p " NEPA!u've made your point.oya bring back the light joor." Not feeling practice today :p lol dint mean it in that way :p awwww, go somewhere with all that, lmao Alright it's decided... Europe this summer :D the way he set phil up he's sick :p and nah, remember when you told me you fancy heather ;D #lesbian Looking forward to football tmoro :D :D I LOVED THE NEW SMOSH VIDEO :D EPIC! RT  New cover!  VALERIE by Amy Winehouse! RT!!! You're very welcome :-) #SlackFilms Harry just kinda plays with clay, and the philosophers pebble. thank you for mentioning me.  Spread my twitter more. Thanks yes I'm in Miami.. a mini vacation what was the best of filming the M.J episode ? :D I hope you all have a safe Friday night on these slick roads n'awww why is he so cutee... Mdr non.. :p thats because they are the same person.... just in case you didnt know where are you going to be in March? Still Montreal? Going to Texas, could visit you afterwards My hair has never grown further than to my waist :-) trumpet, the only instrument you get to purposefully make farting noises to play :P I need to get back into violin/cello again RT   Thanx Karissa good afternoon my dear friend!  I'm sitting in the sun... Good for sanity, well, my sanity! You have discovered my secret... I am your stalkers... Jks xx :p Finally the weekend... :D As many pics as you two are in together, I just assumed you two were sharing a dressing room! :P RT   HI! rt that please is gettin his skinny black ass knocked the Fuckkk out by my fist when I see him again!!  #clownMode &lt;&lt;&lt;--- wantss more followerss  ! Omg *jumps with joy* KLJSHNDFGBKGB that your the best you make us a belieber by day and night can't live without you  please follow me back it would mean a lot awwhh thanx for the invite but i dnt club like tht anymore..heard allure be jumpn doe!! Hope u have fun!! :D :D ima text you now Rain is melting the snow. I'm happy^^ but does that mean flooding? Yay river rafting :p Because you love us  Duh!! Happy birthday! Have an amazing day  #slipknot Why ? RT  Don't do itRT  &lt;----- wants weave .....  buttttttt i dont think i'll look right . I wanted to have a bad day, I should have. But Brenton wouldn't let me! So I had a great day :D #beyazshow Apple Martini's??.....why yes thank u! #cheers 2 to the frikin wknd its a bench. Which means multiple chairs.. You said chair  mwhaha AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!    DUDE! I WON THE BRACELETE! FUCK YEAH! :D Lmao POW RT    NO...family doesnt count, REMEMBER!!! lol hate it when that happens, it sits in your brain all day & night  xx Filling at scholarships lika boss #motivatedtweet how old did you think i was haha? & cool :-) and I have plenty of cigs that are eligible to be shared with you. :D how im feeling right now Thank you Grappling starts this next week., lookin forward to training again eya.dah wont happen 4 2long :D RT  Aha , Right .  We're making a song RT  going crazy on my  tweets sorrry! but he will folllow me Positive! Who's gotten there VIP packages in the mail yet?  I'm still waiting on mine, fingers crossed they'll be here on Monday! that's always good Follow me please?  .sd.fs.d We have to stick to themes and all the other ones where shit so I chose to do the theme music  x ayeee jolie let me get that off u. haha ow! you're a #Rusher I'll follow you RT   #rageandlove man!  you're welcome RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about Youre an absolute hallion! Learn to love fires or you'll be stuck with Pam and her 5 friends!! :p listo.  ya puse me gusta♥ yup St. Lucas here I come! Hater : I hate Justin so damn much!
Belieber : I love the way you lie :P 5 more weeeeeeks till I be join u :D yeah but im going from yas' and rach prob will :-) RT  Tympanie yeh she got my heart playing a musical symphony, so I hope she got sympathy for a G like me :D :p TOO COOL!! :D London is one of my FAVORITE PLACES IN THE WORLD!!♥ You should go on the London Eye, it's AMAZING! Have fun!!(: RT  Eeeeeee excited for next week :D Whata cutie  #wildhair #sleepingbeauty &lt;3 I just love networking Jadore ma Reaction Sur CoD2 ! :D
- OMG Roni &lt;333 can I join ya?? I don't participate but I like watching - brother got a track meet tomorrow ( screaming ] good luck : ) -today's to do list= make hair appointment, dye hair,do laundry, then take long walk. LOL! My dad named his cat that when he was younger! Hahaha :P or because you're the most gullible girl i know! #NF  Follow back?. “ Perfection ❤💜💙  EVERYONE look at my sisters baby! Hello there  How have you been doing? :Dyou've been tweeted *evilishlaugh* how you doing bud
#itsbeenawhile :D &lt;3 :O you're on twitter ?! :D never knew. Loool , it's one babe like this in my school. She wants to enter britains got talent. Now playing Lost in Love by Air Supply ........... reminds of eusebio cuello think I'm disapprobation and condemnation wiff the two besties!!   :D #FF       #Trespassing #BetterThanIKnowMyself this guy :s idk him...no not who you are thinking :p haha He has NO idea... will show him better than I can tell him yep know wot u mean :-) x LOL! You surely dont mind feeding the haters :p - I love it! You're magnificent. PLEASE FOLLOW ME ILOVEYOU #Jadenators FTW :D 29 i deleted my facebook as it pisses me off, so whatever you were going to reply to my inbox, tweet me instead  xx have a good sleep sophia tweet :p C'est magnifique  I successfully embedded my google calendar into my website!! Let's hear it for Smart Independent Ladies!! *smile* Come take a look!! :D I had a dream &  was in it, I guess we're even hahahahaha Today has been a good day :-) Hmm idk why but im happy for some reason .! I think I might need glasses. Far away stuff is getting blurry. :p Thank you :-) If you're in chicago, you're lucky taking  advice and changed my avi :-) A goodnight call from him is all I need to have a peaceful night's sleep, I love him I need some Chipotle : ) HEEEEEEY FOLLOW ME PLEASE Believe Tour To Brazil. I LOVE U SO MUCH  #Jadenators 3 if you havent already please watch :D of course he will  lol That's what indoor arenas were invented for. But I suppose Chicago doesn't know about those, either? :P I watched that video :D I was loving the track! The end had me giggling! (Y) :D thank u!! Had a long day..now bck home after having a decent #Nandos RT – If you have ever been in Love, then follow  Spread the Love. Auto Follow back Congratulations!!! You're the best!! " Hey UK! #NewGirl is on C4, at 8.30pm! On tonight's ep:Jess pretends to be nick's date for a wedding!" Its awesome I am sorry for you! you'll be better If you go to sleep, I'm sure lol no....i need google translate :D 😘😘😘😘 I know mmm , send me one wl your birthday suit on . ctfuuu ! RT   that would be the best curse ever straight up Pretty good day I'm WAITING you followback me #JKL 04.11.09 : ) &lt;3333 you can give them to the person that has the best chicken little as profile pic RT  New cover!  VALERIE by Amy Winehouse! RT!!! Can't wait for Sunday to see #FindingBigfoot  love that show! RT   You're a birthday kid, not a doctor (today)! I'm just increasing my english followers :D And my english tweets sucks! I dunno how i do it xD RT  Lol S/o to you thoo...... bonita!! RT  S/o to  Avi tho......fly I suggest that you should make this as your icon :D gavin benik think I'm cooed to followed x thanks! Heaps of help I'm good, you? & yeah we have matching usernames! “ Pyschological fact: when someone appears in your dreams that person misses you.” Hi   I exist X babe what color are you dying your hair I heard he was. Im not even going to read what he said. Thanks alexis trying to stop Nic going out like this :-) Follow back I love you and your music! ♥ #FanFromKuwait Live my neighbours  chill Bro FF bigsus , even tho she pissed me off at lunch ! but follow er , shes real , pretty , hasa job , & smokes the herb  — index cards and sharpies. Yup, planning an empire grab: takes strategery....slow but steady, for a dreamer schemer pooh brain. AROOO!! Thanks dude, enjoy Scaleconf This camp scientist is so cute  #Torchwood S4E2 #FF to my favourite french navy   *kisses* RT  " ily  awww ily2 RT – If you have ever been in Love, then follow  Spread the Love. Auto Follow back RT  gonna be with  &  later Heya  yeah sure babe if it's still on. Okay babe. Are you sure? That will be good. Okay babe look forward to it. What you Finally home RT    Hello  Follow my friend  she follow back ♥ She will be really happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!... Hi Maria!! I've been MIA for awhile! Wanted to say hi and hope all is well with you my friend!! Stay Rocking!!  :-) xx #np - Beamer, Benz,  or Bentley / Lloyd Banks. #SEXY Definitely ;)  RT   if it is jus share it with me That chick always fall that.!  #spoiled at times!!! RT  My mate Tom is at the live show for BB . Let's give his wife some love  
Save  09016161711 Ye  RT    Its tooooo cute #UppercaseLiving has the cutest stuff! Great minds think alike Little cesars w/ shakira SOPA is dead. I can't begin to express how happy I am. :D the lord is my shepard, he KNOW what i want. Ms parker, missss parker ! afraid I didn't get either, was seduced by a bottle of whiskey Which is what makes her sexy. Even Steven Wilson is disturbing, but... wish you were here :D you? RT  Laconia peoples page is literally the scummiest thing I've ever seen. You have no life :p I've got a few things working for me right now. 1) #Friday 2) #Starbucks 3) #redbox and of course 4) Awsome video guys! And the end was such a twist! :P Today was cool Just found a way to describe my new 'do... Lott-ish  Thank you, Jen! x have you restarted? thats what I asked. not gave any hit recently how was your day? Hihihihi :D AWWWW...there is a father/daughter sweetheart dance at school on Feb 10. no I'm just saying. :pHey every one go follow  you won't regret it!!! :D Wooooooooot !! It's trending again!! :D #ArabBeliebers Go hard! Believe Tour To Middle East :D a shower to make me feel better ,  yeeaah , i just need to force myself to get up lol ur legendary plz follow me  and  we all love yoou and we are GEORDIE ha! OIOI fazer  ♥♥♥♥ Te encanto verme that was a complete chance! hadn't realised how many points it would get :D Ohhh... I think that's where I'll fail, I'ma twat in General :D I'm still shocked at my trosers 'falling down' at a work party! :o lmao CSU treating you well? lex! Im a dm you my number love - I hope you feel better baby 23B76FFE add me then babe :D  well he would get in all directions :P and my god will he be. Back for more  lol :L Morning syg. Sleep well okay? Love you too. Pagi nanti sy kejut ♥ RT  Good-morning baby  love you ♥ My tinnitus is better than its has been for ages   hope this helps When my headphones go in, my life suddenly becomes a music video He Said , Would You Wear My Promise Ring .. I Said Yess :D lol I could believe that too how would you know?? :P ooooh ... hope you have fun = DD hiihihi Eating Watermelon :D reminds me of summer done  your turn.. no problem  xx I knew today was gonna be a great day! I made the banner for the soccer team AND got ACCEPTED to UT Tyler.! :D thank youuu Who's going to the Step Show tonight?? please follow me aw ok thanks Happy Birthday Lol naa. Just trimmed! Shh RT  Yo u cut your hair off....RT  I'm bout to #twitpic my haircut! RT  ❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ I get about as much attention as a White crayon chips :D Just got my teen vogue in the mail! Going to read it. FOLLOW ME PEAS RT  NEW VID! Real Death Note!  :D " Thank u to all my followers I've hit another thousand !! Yay! I'm wet!" Yay I'm hard for you! :p could you follow back  x RT  I Want #Oomf : ) &lt;3 Ohh yeah! It's so cool  xx RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly always get me in the best mood whenever I'm upset :D #iloveyoujacob&lt;3 they can't fly! They fail at being birds. Why's there such a big fuss about them being cool? :P they do tricks? Dogs do tricks :P Not if you are in first class aw thank you :D even though I looked like shit today lol, you are too! Classy Ass Bitches. &lt;3 RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly good morning. perfect for coffee Teaching At the Dark End of the Street this semester :-) Have any of you taught it yet? My sister  is a hair saver :-) I love that chick Believe Tour To ITALY  #15 lol I was like what the what haha :D :D xx RT – If you have ever been in Love, then follow  Spread the Love. Auto Follow back 1/20/12  Loving me 24/7 all year round :D sounds amazing mate  chilling out watching big brother Baby-sitting tomorrow :-) Dedicated to all judgemental schmucks not yet. not a lot of people know about this plugin or us yet I'm gonna go everywhere in sweats today  #bummode great aren't they? Especially when you find them when you think there's nothing around for pud  xx Dont worry Raina, You have already proved yourself...Just take a Good Rest and Concentrate, more over Enjoy what u do Wine n spirit stop...  Gotta get my wine :-) marcelino think I'm disposable #jadenators #jadenator right here!!  please follow me? I love you &lt;3 Thanks for the RT, Captain!  Keep doing the Lords work my friend RT   Thank you for the #FF! RT  New cover!  VALERIE by Amy Winehouse! RT!!! with my self hakon m3aki masln :P hahai RT  Did this last week and it seems it's another Friday night and I'm bored again, so RT for a #FF aww. I don't even know my new number :/ hold up. FOLLOW ME!!!! PLEASE!!! YOU GOT ME WAITING A LITTLE TOO LONG!!! I'm done w / my old ways , in with the new shit .. cause I'm expecting different results this time “ big up  for smashing it last night with those on point selections!”  let's all play together again! Houston, we have a winner... Ohmy lol I love the conversation between Simon and Jenny on my phone :P they know that they are joking with each other haha watching doctor who with  :D Hug I think I'm going to start my own dragon day care center "hey" haha. It was on moodle :P what's your pin? :-) ey! RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about you've been tweeted *evilishlaugh* how you doing bud
#itsbeenawhile :D &lt;3 :O you're on twitter ?! :D never knew. Loool , it's one babe like this in my school. She wants to enter britains got talent. Now playing Lost in Love by Air Supply ........... reminds of eusebio cuello think I'm disapprobation and condemnation wiff the two besties!!   :D #FF       #Trespassing #BetterThanIKnowMyself this guy :s idk him...no not who you are thinking :p haha He has NO idea... will show him better than I can tell him yep know wot u mean :-) x LOL! You surely dont mind feeding the haters :p - I love it! You're magnificent. PLEASE FOLLOW ME ILOVEYOU #Jadenators FTW :D 29 i deleted my facebook as it pisses me off, so whatever you were going to reply to my inbox, tweet me instead  xx have a good sleep sophia tweet :p C'est magnifique Hershey Hugs   #yummy lance think I'm unhappiness and discomfort Would someone please go to Scotland and smuggle  back home for me please New twitter account! :D Take it, now it's all yours trying to keep my  today' thanks for following  x (blushes) thank you Have you saw my tweets ? RT  god + family + friends + twitter + music = my life Tnx hun  RT  Awww...sorry about that RT  Been sick since morning!!! Thanks boo! i followed! lol thanks. I'll take that then Follow me please ))) :D Thanks! One of his friends shared it and she has 6,000 friends! oh hellooo glad your okay  just watching harry potter  what about you? ☺♥ Vi a linda da  no salão Berryfication peeps are just lazy :p Alright i don't know why i retweeted that :P i frankly don't agree with that kind of crude "banter" :P I'm math &lt;3 we have the best math teacher in the whole world An interviewee told me they wanted to be a "billboard of joy" for my company.. Um, yea, can you say GREAT answer? #stealingthatline thanks :D meh skiing BAHA thts a good one :D u would hav to take meh against mah will RT  Jasmine and I slept like 2 little bears in the bed last night :D Boring stuff. Reinstalling software and some other computer maintenance. :-) What about you? :-) okay! :D Hahaha  RT  Kim loves the Notebook and I love her.............. PLEASE FOLLOW ME ILOVEYOU #Jadenators FTW :D 38 #HYFR  RT  I'll be home this weekend twitter hahah yh its awesome Rupert's in it too...Harry's only in for like 2 seconds...Ed's in his own vid!!!  :D XD #'TeamShamrock How are you? :D S/O to the Aries men out theree the Libra women lovee yall  lol oh that's cool  easy to get to when you finish school:p :-) oh somi you tooo young to know haha sike nahh txt me man you stay lost lol Go check out the facebook page and all my divas follow on twitter @ Facebook-Identity Hair & Nail salon Twitter-Identitydivas :D ! & it didn't kill me ^.^ RT  LOL saw  today & gave her a brownie! :D cheers, feel free to RT You're welcome :D New profile pic :-) ... Isn't he magic ?! follow me and  we love you  24 your following number is chnaging.. can u add 1 more following? me RT  Please keep these ladies in the top #100 on MFC  &  :D RT  Hello  in ed sheerans new music video!  #fb sounds awesome.  lol Gettin' purrdy dang stoked for our show tonight at The Back Forty Saloon in GR. Can't wait to ROCK with you guys! I bet it did, it's worth it tho lol, and thank you :-) Love your song "Girl Like You"! Thanks for following me! don't worry, it's right. In Cantonese anyway. In mandarin, it's xin nian Kuai le. I cnt type in hausa abeg,beht ispeak :p RT  ur hausa is shakin wel Bomn kakaki ya RT  Me ... YAYYYYY  #reunited She know just what to say to make my day :-) RT  You know why the back of the bus is so cool.?  Because black people used to sit there. its beautiful! hell of a tang to it!! This weekend should be better then last because this one im seeing you.. haha! Yes they are!!!! :P xx #19765 I like your BG awwwwww thanks yetta..miss you girly When your hearts on the floor and your empty forever more you'll know you'll see you'll never be a part of me :3 love that song bitch youy the definition of ugy ! :p hahahah yes thank you very much :D Getting Up At 9 Tomorrow So I'm Already To Buy Tickets At 10 :D Oh goodness, so sorry- I didn't understand the tweet. Please DM with more info this/ next time if you don't mind RT  ahora si de new, goodnight sleep tight dont let the.. well, if u got bed bugs wtf lol trash that colchon.. bed bugs aint no joke *hugs* :D RT  More sex , good weed & no stress Live every moment like its your last,, regret nothing RT  Welp truck gassed up ... Hittin the streets now the scent of popcorn hangs heavy in my office from my boss's popcorn machine. it's pretty cool here. u bring stuff too
 though, and what do i need to wear for it... oh and u never answered my question :P Boi tonight :D Peanut butter- Nectar of the starving! Need to finish the bottle I'd started at dinner! lol! Come over  ☆♪♫♥ Need followers asap! Any help?? Gossiping with Mr. Hamen has to be the best thing ever.  Hahahaha. Yes Blues Brothers is one of my all time favorites Them soo you're beautiful and your not as stuck up as stuck up Steve:L lollollol 
#tygerissexy :D &lt;3xxxx !! RT  Dat song deep .. I like it tho  made me think Sassy.  There is only one thing to say at this point... TGIF!!!!  :-) ily so much! Follow me hun?  #jadenators friday! 13 loool! So true! :P XD Separation of  makes girls in US scream  RT  Johnny Depp tops list of America's favorite actors randolph think I'm pregnant and suggestive RT  what is roy and tiger on tonight? me and kimbo wanna knoww RT  He gon tear that ass up.yeeah :D RT  hahaha ;) you really don't know me ;) RT “ (cont) ebay? :D Hey hahah Why thanx ill experiment here too! Just got the old lab refurbished so.. :D  Good Luck with your results!!!! Hope you did it great!!!!! :-) thanks  See you soon!Haaah :D I don't know who you mean ;DD One day I want to go to Paris. Only to see it once :c oh ok..well I can't wait 2 see u then :-) RT  Joe is so sweet, my type of brother Just got home, eating #donuts :-) #BELIEVE gonna be epic! So excited RT  Aw : ) love your profile picRT   has the most amazing body!!!! She makes me want to hit the gym.... Yess over the moon :D but hungry. i havent had dinner! for the last 2 hours ive been drawing jack sparrow. finallly done :Dxxx Checking out tonight for my romantic evening. Night all.  x RT  I'll be posting #imagine tweets about an hour later  gonna be studying for exams. awww thank you que mona ella con twitter  beeeeenvida viuuu seeu chatoo o  confia eem miim  :P rs' dont forget to add your because so the vote counts   ♥ (: awwww thanks so much love :D hahah yeah half of 46.. absolutely wrinkling! hahah Yayyy im graduating with or without the rest of my class credits for the year! to whoever said i couldnt, youre WRONG #sorryimnotsorry Goin to target with alyssa and im wearin 2 different shoes lol Night out with RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x moshe think I'm melodic “ " “ #oomf just made me feel bad bout my height lol” lol"its ok im not to much taller” :-) cause jonno winn asked if you drove Jonathan to fencing :D Sorry but in this part once u say that she look his eyes and the other that her eyes were shut :P Im confused :P xD Can't wait for tonight :D I went to your favourite restaurant today! hows about a follow ? cos he peed the bed? :D Fresh new cut You busy tomorrow honey?  Xx .. Well they should know ene msh mwaf2a!! :\ :D #Np - Deez Bitches Rollin - Juicy J Its alrite, and I won't :-) oh yea haha, the only bit of fun had all week!x Let's go to Sugar Mountain!!! I wanna ski OK, our Valentine's Day special is set! Photos and details coming soon #BLUEMOON , I'm Djing  RT  What's good on a Friday night .. doesn't have to be my gaff. I suspect some of these bangers will induce public nudity on the dancefloor @ #Waster brilliant news!!!!!!!!!! the power of social amin :D De rien  ♥ I'll be waiting. RT  Yay for winning both our games! 
#accomplished RT  #ff  cuz he always show love on twitter  your turn hun !! Enjoy Well keep ur head up!!  Feel better thanks :D now thats what you call beautiful  Morning babe! omg what about this #louisflidlinson  hahahahahahahaha xxxxxxxxxxxx i think i just melted. Bwahaha :p i'll pass, you guys have fun hahah thank youu! :D xx #FF thanks to you for following - :O Salaam you ok? How you been lol? :-) he was training to be the next Rudolph  lol thanks for following Ben "Buy a book and a kid in Africa gets a free stick!" Haha! aw he's just a taxi driver but an airport one so a bit more upmarket if that's possible :p I get so jealous though ha! Oh ya.. And I just watched #theIdesofmarch and it was good. :D RT  hi, my name is  & I like to laugh at everything and procrastinate in 2nd period. Thanks for a lovely night Wena!!Sasa ufike nyumbani vizuri!Most L plates! :-) yup ._. oh, & whatever's bothering you, don't let it get you down. Just umm "bite your thumb" and smile.  OKAY? Good girl. ^.^ RT  яєтωєєт ιƒ уσυ ωαηт 3Ƽθ ηєω ƒσℓℓσωєяѕ  ι cαη gєт уσυ тнєм ιη мιηυтєѕ  [Must be following me] thank you Thank you love  " Haven't been on twitter but I have to come thru to say follow the lovely  she rock :-)” nice.  i thought u meant birmingham alabama.    not the other one across the water Come and paint in our pottery shop again soon! We loved you all lots IT'S PINK FRIDAY HOE Over my grandma house My mom is paying me to take her place for the next to weeks  haha #MakingDinner #CleaningHouse #BbaysittingBrats I could get use to this.. Jk my phone loves me again!  #happytweet Yeh!! Home made curry, Glass of red watching corrie. It certainly ain't grim up north :-) well Im glad someone does! You too I follow  because I don't want my life to be a mess :-) #ff TWEET ME "Believe Tour To Middle East" ! &lt;3 FOR A SHOUTOUT ! :D ANYONE?:D WE NEED UR HELP #beliebershelpbeliebers ? RT #1dfamily #ff #teambreezy #teamfollowback (Follow 4 follow back) :D xx Ed sheerans on in 10 minutes :D RT  Love yall to  RT   you know we love you bruh bruh no probs..I won't mind answering you through mentions. " Fuck am I saying. I bet people were in awe when I wasn't fat anymore." Deffff! You did a hole 180 jay-z!! you caved Don't often do #FF but this is a special one for  -an inspiration as she journeys towards London Marathon. You're doing great any days good for mee  u know me never have any plans haha xxx RT  RT 2 WIN!   Hey  I wanna Get MY Heart On with  in (ENTER CITY HERE!) PLZ give me tickets! Fatou????   RT oheey georgi :D how are you? Long time no see! Haha equilibrium - jackie boyz one of my favorite songs we lovessss youuuu toooo♥  hey how do you buy tickets for your PA concerts?! We are trying but we can't find any tickets:( follow back That's good then  I've always wanted to visit France. Im glad me and #oomf are back to normal cleaning my room for visitors  #goodweekendahead ;) Bouta make some pancakes Same here! Brilliant cartoon, one of my favs :D I'm about to announce the winners of the     tickets! :D Weee :-) I am not so pretty that it....look this head ! ah !!!! got signed by 2face NICE :D RT  Dammy Krane's Doing Big Things This Year LOL what do i read? "O Saiyyan" shall be the most romantic song of the year? hahaha what a joke! YOU GUYS HAVEN´T HEARD FALAK SINGING :P RT  RT for a SHOUTOUT since I'm so nice thanks sweet petite! Can't wait til tomorrow! :-) I'm feeling almost back to normal  Thank the loving lord!Alright im on my way : ) RT  NEW VID! Real Death Note!  :D The only one I can remember is Don Trump, he once said he put the "O" into Ocean! :-) So lets say you did! u called me sweetie ur just the best lol :p Ups. I've might been tweeted wrong. I don't remember. I'm sorry. :-) #Merlin series 2 arrived! Oh yeah! How I wish you were still mine RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x tehe! :P thank you anyway Ry! Awesome! Saw it on Broadway a few years ago, and it was fantastic! Especially the orchestra "  smh. Lol nm" sorry didn't mean to offend shit ,,, busted eh :P I'm so proud of Purple Aires  We only have one song left to finish. follow me pleaseeeeeeeee!! lips better be smoking that loud in dedication of me though . At the dentist...had to get these teeth cleaned :-) RT   good luck tonight i will do  huddersfield is the biggest town in europe and bigger than 10% of cities :P this bus driver really cute as shit RT  Happy #friskyfriday sneak peak of the outfit I just bought for sexy time tonight so the inside of the tour bus is going to be decorated? what's the concept? bellowen asked: url :P Multi colour stars am I okay to stay at yours after your party please?  haha okay  follow me! On the phone to  :D my bestfriend said : saying no to azyah , is like saying no to God . i make it sooooo hard to say to no to me : ) ! Congrats   even though you flip me off.. how u doin? imma MSG you. :D I think  is very sexy :p haha yes! Haha at the uglc? well i'm sure that was you :p good night again  ♥♥♥ helloooo, if you see this tweet  please follow me ?10 whenever i hear the song "my last" i think of  and  from spring break 2011 love youuu HOW ARE YOU :D haha i love that movie! there's going to be a lemonade mouth 2 i heard! TGIF De rien ! I did it yo!lol derek think I'm sublime and aspiring please click on my follow button, it would mean a lot to me!  love you. 13 I kno yu seen a lot of things in ur life , got yu feelin like this can't be right ; but i wont hurt yu im down for yu baby #TRUST "Her: I have to tell you something" "Me: Uh oh" "Her: I have a crush on you. Yes you!" "Me: Well, that's awesome" :P Chilling out with the Family and just watched 'Made In America' fantastic film :D Absolutely LOVE Whoppi Goldberg and Will Smith!!! cant waaait!! RT   awwhhhhh thanks boo boo  youuuu's too kind ! See you in 20 days my dear ! )))) The carnival guy cause he has like a muscle freak guy :p te lo mando por DM youre welcome WTF!! U never brought 'spicy little kick ass kitchen ninja's' into  Just  :-) You are, and you're welcome  &lt;3 You and me think alike I love it   we need more sex sex sex sex #PIPA has been dropped!!! :D #VICTORY SCREECH RT  They know, they know, they knowww! :D Hey! If you dig great music, please check out and follow Hey i wanted to talk to u about this song im trying to write emphasis on trying lol, tweet me if u think u can help me plz At my mommy house i'm a jadenator.... and it's friday... therefore you should follow me! :D please please please follow me ! You would make my dat so much better  #fanfrombelgium 21st birthday is on sunday, excited because i can then go to 21& up concerts and have fun oh damn, well thanks " Going to see the vow tonighttt :-) canntttt waait!" Its not out yet,  DUMBASS hey dint no u were on twitter babe  hope u gud x Club crackers to make a girl happy arlette think I'm fitting and appropriate throw in some yves larock and it's a serious hype ting. btw you need to make a hype mix asap. Low BPM lifestyle isn't for me RT   party on brother :D &lt;3 what's up? was going very well but I'm at that stage where I'm moving like a snail! I'm getting there 420 words to go  xx RT   thank you!  miss your face! :( gimme a shoutout please I think so too WOLVES are tough cookies who will never give up :D just seen your pooch pic the rspca one bless them both aww oh shit my mom added me on facebook :P LOL follow me please? would be so very happy whoa!!thanks bro aw  I know, but I don't like being like this :P Should have let the stache instead of shave it  But Amsterdam - Boston... If only I could... Good luck to whoever wins. work 5-11 welcome RT if you don't like custard Cc  :p RT  #ff  with bump or I'll never hear the end of it  anyone got any suggestions for boy names?? I love my hair. People think it's nappy until they touch it. It's all curls, bitch you should definitely watch GG..like I am now How are you zainab ? What's up ? Boyz N The Hood ! : ) yup ha When I sit in front of the class with my phone out and text while Tinker's looking  &gt;&gt;&gt; ahah he better not hurt you though! ill come up there and beat the shit out of him if he tries to hurt my baby girl  + RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about oh goodness I read it wrong! Sorry :p Brilliant few days in Taranto!  Such great audiences  Lecce here we come! #GuysandDollsItaly necole think I'm proof and illustration That works for me. I feel special now. :-) follow back i'm waiting for this moment ))))))))) u see how much i'm happy with there with  ahahah"i can find ways of losing that you haven't even thought of yet". Good line from Corrie Hello guys, Perú needs He is we, intending to come some day? :D sounds like you and your mum.. hehe  hope your having a great night &lt;3&lt;3 follow me back? Thanks for mine! I'll do yours sooon Thanks for the follow  Nice site.  I don't need a boyfriend for be happy.  ♥ RT  There's this girl, even though she's been hurt before, she's going to stay strong! She's BEAUTIFUL, And she just finished reading this. Ecg provides us with electricity all the time! Today norr they screw up and look at all the disses!!!!!smh :P just winning is not the game. Play at their best thats all our wish. :D My tummy is finally full! Finishing up #TSC then off to campus to finish my paper, then Trader Joe's Thank you, too!! :-) RT      (cont) Haha, that really is the best excuse to justify anything! :P Jaden follow me please  . I ♥ you! sorry I dint reply went in shower plus only just got the tweet. Nm r u all right?  x sooooooo excited that this is gonna happen!!  x x x x " #BecauseOfYou i know what i deserve. i know what NOT to look for in a person."  thank you! Thank you Nnody!! :* ♥ RT   Happy Birthday #LiamFollow1DTourUpdate They're amazing :D xx Will do haha, guess what? :P Yayy I go pick up my stuff today!! Hi Niall how are you ? i love you i like when you and the others guys speaking in the radio :D Aww, okay ): Well do you know where the best place to go for CD's is? :P  Payday = shopping 9 10 days for something special happy birthday gorgeous ! Thanks pretty lady! :-) luvin this story   !!!!!! RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about yum sunny side up with bread haha your with the shit so I do these things for you Great G+ Hangout today w the #thinkingsocial team:  &  sans  Looking fwd to #SXSWedu :-) " 
 thank you my sister for the rt!  " You deserve BHsis!!! Muah oh, Stay Strong hun. &lt;3 I hope it will be better. &lt;3 If you need talk, I'm here. &lt;3  Love you. &lt;3 نسيت مصطفي مرضي :P Today was a good day ♥ 
I'm glad I change my tweet rotten today lol chal i already got neil with me :P smh Needa book London we goin in 3 weeks daym fun times in that town :-) hi, I can't reply to your messages unless you follow me... Thank youu!! :D RT  When i see your face, there's not a thing that i would change, cause you're amaizing...Just the way you are off this shit. gunna be at HP high RT  I love how my boyfriend is willing to do whatever for me like literally anything he's so great to me RT  When i see your face, there's not a thing that i would change, cause you're amaizing...Just the way you are hmm.. Awkward moment when im not studing shakespeare.. :P I like that you think so have a good time if you see them after tell harry i love him :D x When I babysit my nephew, he loves it when I play guitar, so I get to sit here & play all day & he's happy,  #Thelittlethings Byeeeeeeeeeee Everybodyyyyyyyy  .. Do Still what you do , ur awesome  Spread the word #GetUrGoodOn RT  Follow My Sistaa  She Folllow Back Btw She Got The Best Tweetss : ) i want somebody to take me on holiday. Utter genius. Comic Sans tells it how it is. Thanks to  for link Waow! boy directioner! i love it! follow me please! a thumbs up, a heart & a smiley! RT  " Please tell me why I wasted my time liking U ?"&lt; Aww Manny *Hugs* « lool In the car you are a real sweetheart :-)  Told my main bitch that she worthless , spanked ha “ God makes no mistakes.” Im glad ur Ok they are  yeeees! Looking forward to it. What are your plans for coming up to brum? This Shuld Be A Good Weekend . . Prolly Spend It With Ashton : ) . Alexis And My Brother .. Idk Tho ? RT  There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.  :D With  having starbucks & subway  #TheGoodLife! Eae! ha ah! :D I don't think he does! x - that's wonderful! I really liked it re: honoring men for how they are wired and not expecting them to be a 'hairy woman.' :D It's impossible not to love Maradona i have some :D hahaha #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK yes of course, Tamam RT  #FF  :-) such pretty eyes he has  I might be going scouring for antiques with my mum tomorrow. Depends how we're feeling :P lol no I don't :P I'm not bullying u!! RT  3 day weekend :D i'll be there for you through it all, even if saving you send me to heaven Hahaha! Urs! " Evil smile*hus pix u boro put? RT  See ur big head! :D " Ok sum1 shuld luk 4 my trouble abeg!"" "Do you know where the bathroom is?" I mean, she only works here. Haha. :p :-) RT  S/o too my Nf.. Trying to work, but I don't want to  #itsfriday i am ♥ what I came home too  #myriley So bored. Someone new make me smile  902-957-1598 Pin 32E7BFFC you're right! #truth :-) Hope you were off somewhere good. Have a good weekend mate. haha..noo oh ...too much work:( ... When u leavin ? you two are doing my favourite accents in the
 world :D ( live on RT  Funny people with great tweets    :D !!!! RT  Its time to post some #1DFacts ~ RT if you're gonna read them haha I love Beth :D thanks  but its just Twitter I ain't tripping forreal .. its funny yeah it was. totally worth it though Thanks! Should I immediately return the favor? Or wait til next Friday...With every up there is a down, but I'm trying to stay positive & think how lucky I am in so many ways.  x I stole my bff phone and found these #sexy #sex #xxx #porn #pussy shots xD  svFfhdWk #zZ I can swim districts! :D lol and thankyou for saying you'll vote, dont forget your because so the vote counts :D Brandon and I were the car behind you honking... ;) no doubt about it ;P :D Ace of spades :D thanks for follow,followed back  x Luckyyyyy :L I think I ended up ruining everyone's night :D And yes, I'd be delighted :D xxx awww, i don't even have to go far cos she's coming to where is live What about coming in italy?? its a Pretty day Outside It doesn't take much. And the little things mean the most! osvaldo wedwick think I'm equality and solidarity thanks Look ! I drew this ! Yes, i can draw ! NileySmiley is my nickname !  look Ray Ray ! Hehe New Backgroundd !! :D Hey britfans! Já possuem um perfil no Heello? PHEW peaceful weekend for you now then :-) You realise you're going to cause a Delia style rush on those chips now?! :-) Lots of hours and lots of people= a GREAT website! It's just days away from opening to the public  We can't wait to share it with you! Does anyone have iMessage ?  xo gooodd !!! :D RT  Having a Follow Spree  Following ALL of  Followers now &lt;== RETWEET this! Is excited to start the Olympic project in Weymouth next week  exciting times! Work tonight, and probably all this weekend  i love $$$$$ I can't wear my jeans without a belt now. RT   Recording it soon! thank you lmao, I know we said that :p perv! RT  hahaha RT  Photo: Can’t you tell that  & I are (cont) Fakes as fuhhh!!! RT  RT  Downtown adventure with welllllll xd. Whahahaahah grepke :p * I think you two will easily win that! Hehe :D hahahaha funny i am tired so Regents Coming Up Hahaha i mean, i can take them off your hands if youd like I'll be more specific when I c u :p RT  Dap, misto  RT  Am văzut iarăși un slogan EXCEPTIONAL la #revolutie "EXPLODE the romanian garden" #josbasescu  RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first :D :D that's okk xxx RT  Ready for  to show off these rapping skills she's got  ahaa . song lyrics  "call me maybe", carly rae jepson...you should listen to it! Really catchy and fun! still tweeting, still loving Okay thenn, haha goood :P i'll text you when im on the bus :D xxxxxxxxxxxxx cute pic Reppin' out the red lion :P not sure chick  maybe! I finally wore this Aeropostale shirt Woot woot. I'll be back in NYC tonight :D RT  The few friends i have are so good too me :-) Issac gave me a ride  #lovethatkid  Watching "Easy A" don't be jealous of her beauty honey well if u say soo... my entire workout routine requires one blanket, two water bottles and 6 minutes. For some reason that fact makes me grin. Pantingly. :P I'm in love with zooey deschanel. That's all I have to say :D Horrified looks from everyone in the room, but I'm only lookin' at you  #speaknow Torta de Banano by:  & my mom :D Makasih..RT  Oke done  RT   fllwd.. Mind to followback? Tybfr;)" RT  #FF  &  two positive women making it happen for themselves! AND they're from my hometown TGIF! Cant wait til this day is over Nice day :D oh cool :D now i got it wet dtfl wassup dee Hey twitter! Watchin a movie at skool in my Pj's :D
?~Bill Nighy~GROOVY~? and hopefully by tomorrow twitter shall give me my follower and following back  Tc ppl !! hey  i'm back :D be prepared to see me within the next hour! where? :D Thanksss :D thank you very much  xx a song about your beliebers would be amazing were supporting you all the way ! Please follow me HEY NOW! RT  #FF  &  two positive women making it happen for themselves! AND they're from my hometown #OhNaNa or #NaNaNaComeOn, coz she's mentioning my name, tbh. :D &lt; everyone follow :D RT  I got 99 problems.. and weed solves them all :-) Following Back here's how  kids had a rough last yr with surgeries and mom and dad need a date!!! mayw9alch msn ow Dm not only would he know it's real, we'd all know you're dumb..now we know you're not dumb Sophia so let's not :P RT  REMEMBER: Eat your school, stay in drugs, & don't do vegetables, ok? Gerrin beta hun..tnx a lot  RT  Aww so sowi,how's u nw? RT  Been sick since morning!!! After that lil talk me && bae had before 1st period, I've been a1 && everythings, everything  ain trippn off groupie bitch's nomore all day everyday  especially in pre-cal! #7MoreMinutesOfSchool I'm On Position 8 On The Top Fans And Fighting To Get Higher :D Is That Worth A Follow From You? #realjadenator #iloveyou RT  Go fund me!  #gofundme Can anybody help fund my 2012 series, every penny helps Back onnnn Twiiittterrrr  Oh how I missed you. I thought so too but it snuck up on me today :(( and thank you, im so glad you think so Can you follow me?  much love from ITALY lol I'm a be bak sooooon!!!! yeah i will love :P xxxx What's the link for it then? YO! :pmelaine lalim think I'm celebrated and praised Rahersal yuuk.  RT  Done writing new lyric. "Dragon oh Dragon"  & "World Is Real" Cc: First DMX was on :D then Will.I.Am and Cheryl Cole come on :| Probably. :-) I learned possibly half-drunk at the Rabbit Fest in the 90's.  (YES, my town has a Rabbit Fest.) will do  xx If only a kiss means I love you forever, I won't let your lips out of mine :p congreso de Salsa!! finde completito :D Making my new #nailart video! Since the last one was a success .. Well kinda. Enough for me A Penguin to Remember #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin (btw I'll be seeing them in concert on the 5th) :D You're my idol and I'm Jadenator  Follow me I Love you Hi ! Are you gonna do #Imagines tonight ? :-) XOXO tu regarde tj des film toi ?! I love you! please follow me back :-)
you is the best!♥♥♥♥♥ Well it's hit the spot #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK aweeee fun :D #alwaysthebest eeh still grounded but gonna make my mom go to zee mall with me! What colour!? :D fighting with paul over HIS laptop and I'M still using it  he's #beat thanks Yeah, I agree. I did get distracted by his moustache at times too :P you guys should do a official cover of use somebody by king of leons :D &lt;3 your too gooood :D nothing! hang out with me? haha  and the Rangers are making the playoffs definetely!!  #LGR #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK This is incredible at its finest  #1 on Google Long as I come. I was here earlier and wasn't noticed. :P please notice my little sist  and me, follow us plz #neversaynever right?  42 Dan... I would LOVE you even more if you drove us Haha no problem  She is nearing to her first word soon :D Enemies with benefits These Hot Funyuns  &gt;&gt;&gt; .... ok omg I #friggin #loveyousomuch its #cray #realtalk Agreed  RT  #FF | As smart as he is awesome. Just an amazing friend to me--&gt;  #SUPERSTAR RT  At mcdonalds with following  follow back? Yeah of course! Please do :-) thank's for the follow. Have a Happy Day :-) Watchinn #LifeeTimee  lol #Litt thoee I feel ah napp cominqq onn #PurrpIsAhSleepAID ! Its only till the end of Jan, let me know if you do and need to offload the second ticket :P jaden &lt;3 please follow me, i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me  #Jadenators 4ever . RT    wow ...... Heeeel tof .. loved it I'm in love with this weather! really? I will going London this summer #goodafternoon ! :D i wish i could dance like her The comment that I have to that will have to be stated in private nice! Schools good, all my marks are in the 90's and 80's. Next semester I'm going to do co op at Clemens  lol i love you so much  follow me please ♥ Fijateeeeee que plaaaan!!! :D heres hoping SHOBMX will be asked back again... " 18 years young and doing it on my own, all of it literally." Congrats :-) how may I help u I know!!!! Best part, they're open 24/7 you dont know that and your not to ask! :P xx iPhone ringtone #dexterthemesong Yaaay Ooofff woorrk! Yess! it's going to be super cold J'ai gagné 5 followets aujourd'hui 
i have 5 more followers today Hi, its Tosin.Pls follow back I get to leave!!! cheaper, and a lot more legal than the drive out to the bus stop :P fell awkard next to quiet RT  AM flogging this, but I'm proud of it. I made it myself!  &lt;&lt; Well done Ms More Thinly Spread! :-) its supposed to be really good. :D ouvindo um Charlie Brown Jr. Aqq Idk about you nigggga but i know im getting out of here today and tomorrow. I love my family...they make life easier! :-) RT   also takes someone giving you a look, hint hint  check the portfolio when you get time! .yups ,, setuju .  RT well, at least you can rent books....perhaps on spelling  #yipes She just made my day  &lt;3 I am feeling so blessed and so lucky with  all the good things happening right now! all I can say is WOW! :-) LA is next!
#happymonster i'll do you proud 
& I might say hello to a papa Edels lookalike :3 follow back? Ok the matter is over, np Justin Thanks so much, Kelly! Do you think you'd ever do a record deal? cant wait to get my new car #refund okayy just have! RT   #TheOneThatGotAway it has alex so i'll defo like it  :p lol you guessed right RT   41 days. and tomorrow will be 40 and sunday will be 39 and then monday 38 :P hehe I'll be tweeting them next week. I am safe then. :P Keep ya head up though. The result are beautiful! MS. JESSIKA RABBIT SHOUTING ME OUT Fosho :P Ohh really?? You've decided?? Lol no! We need actual food! But if you gona keep beer then I want liquor in there too! :p see ya tmrw!  RT  Ladies & gentlemen, it's not just #snowing, it's officially #puking snow at  #powder has everyone been buying J-14 magazine?! if you have it, please take a pic with it and we'll put them all into a video for the twins thanks loser Follow back ? :D helloooo, if you see this tweet  please follow me ?22 ah awesome thanks for the info sir! :-) silly boy! I'm great haha, was so hyper at work it was unreal. Was literally bouncing off the walls :D xx you didn't have to tell  :P it's a joke between you and I... SOOOOO who else is going to Mekka tonight? :D RT  RT if you want a follow from me cause im following everyone that followsComing home games later, let's kick some lapeer west butt  #gocreek good to heard that sorry thought id tell you that you were my 3000th follower!! thankyou :D I think I'll just call it a day; goodnight  ♥ Awww...thank you! Have a great weekend!!  #FF RT   what exercise's would your recommend for burning body fat? #PleaseHelp I'm not tho Lol
Alright I'll hit you up then, cool? 
Yup yup.
Southwest defense is gone be on point! thanks haha, she's called Ava Grace :-) x Can you follow me? much love from ITALY But going to the beach with my best friend sounds better so today, was a success Thanks hun!!!! : ) chatting with my BFF and listening to Jason Mraz , what a combination No thanks, I'll pass. I have more important things to do with my life. Io che in casa stó sempre con il cappellino della New York... #bah  BELIVE TOUR TO ITALY :D he's called Barnstoneworth really. (ripping yarns!)  Barney for short. He's you are most welcome : ) RT  This haha RT   thought you'd enjoy this. I had to get a physical for sports! :P RT    wow ...... Heeeel tof .. loved it thank you thank you! I like your face! RT   Yayy &lt;3 I love it when people tell me stories! haha like legit they are always interesting and I get to help Check out this video -   via  Awww this made me cry! :'(  I wish you the best! Pray for Tara I've left now  xxxxxx I'm gettin some mcdonald's tho I really hope to retweet and share if you like RT  RT for a Shoutout Thanks for trying to get  to follow me  , but its kinda impossible. :'( x Been reading Water for Elephants & can't take my eyes off my #Kindle. This book is amazing! :D RT  I hope  is safe out here  Love Bestest the UK is cold but not too cold haha aww sweeps, unfortunately likely :p RT  Turn on  I'm about to announce the winners of the     tickets! :D Pretty good thanks  &lt;3 nice.to met ya It's wii time!!!  #michaeljacksonexperience ) thanks lovely  + ikr! Imma die!xxx RT   You are making my evenings a WHOLE lot brighter since I got back to school :D TwoTube & Home + Away = Amazingg x I can hold a conversation with anybody, I love that about myself alright don't tell  boss that! :p I think my Dad likes  music - he said that he sounds a lot like Tim Hardin :D Outside Today && Maybe Over Her House f4f?  x #beliebershelpbeliebers me too Keep the FAITH ! Blessings I dig driving brand new cars.  #want New Modern Asian cuisine with local poultry, ingredients in Feb. 
EAT LOCAL, SUPPORT LOCAL and ENJOY FRESH Not anymore!  #iseeyouuuuu :-) cc  More...ladies? foster.ly I love you too much :D &lt;3333 Omg chaddy !! i'm not a heartbreaker !! haha I'm all yours  we're good! RT  Have no plans today, chilling RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly OMG I AM SO JEALOUS OF YOU!!!!!! :D i will follow and listed you just follow this quotes account  true and honest tweet swear. mention me if u did you need to be In class more little boy! Lol... The first and last couple of minutes aren't as fun without you! Lol lol ummm all over. You just gotta find a spot  haha @ Harvester with mum dad james jackie connor and stacey big ups on the #ff bro. Puttin me n with some pretty solid company :-) #HardcoreHeroes hey thank you for the autograph (to my favorite fan melissa naaah... i don't like feta... here in italy we have better cheese :D RT  #IFinallyRealized I'm better off without you RT   Hey, I hope you are feeling better, if the news of your concussion are true! Thinking of you Wait... what?! damn! I've got one more to add to the list! :D sure  see you there. Feel free to invite others Because of you I know how it is to feel butterflies over and over and over again ewwwwww sucks to be you!!! lol jk nah uhh -__- & that's why imma call youu in singg :P so you think he can make the jump to the championship?  :-) You're welcome. I love #food. Thanks for following me RT   wish u where here I wasn't gonna follow you cuz you spoke a different language, but I recognized it was Tagalog Make it twice this week. Yes , Yes I will! :D  I've been telling friends to read it! Who wants a shoutout to my 23,000+ followers? Follow  and I will give you one, tweet me when you have! lol love it!! 3rd episodes on channel 4 now  #happytimes went out last night, played your EP in the car, & got a friend hooked on you! Making progress! Haha  xoxo , It's my birthday today! Can I have a birthday tweet!?  xx what was that then? Surely you cant be hearing me sing just now - I am about 200 miles South :-) carson murra think I'm graphic and gorgeous Running around with  and  #girlsday Maks & Teddy laying on  star! ;)
So cute!!! Thanks for the link. I do not have Psoriasis, just was mentioning that pregnancy usually temp cures it Life goes on. Just gotta keep smiling. helloooo, if you see this tweet  please follow me ?26 i still am punkkkk :P RT   Recording it soon! Party rock anthem &lt;33 Chipmunk Version :D cheers mate. Currently working on article about David Vaughan at Real Sociedad. Let's hope so :-) yeaah  do you do it? RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x thank you Finally so happy with the length of my hair :D yayayayayay okayyy  Thank you!!!!   xxCan you help us? :-[
just write to  .. #HolylandWantsKidrauhl .. PLEASE ! ♥
#BeliebersHelpBeliebers right? check out the lense on her :P House is to myself tonight I'm Good Thanks, You?  xx Bem vindo a Bijeu I should  be like PQRSTUVWXYZ :-) Never heard anything of late Gerry, Brush the keeper is coming back if you cal him new how cute  RT  janessa and i &lt;3 haha :D when im alone i dance around to loud music and pretend im in a music video :/ haha !! so much fun :D #JD Now just ready to see my snookems! Jesse Think Im Playing ...Haha ...Watch... SOPA has been withdrawn from the House, we may all resume our copyright infringements When  says someone is a #Legend you better believe him. According to him I am one :D #smug haha! will you be my prom date. thank you!  xxx THANK YOU FOR THE RIDE HOME AND BRINGING MY PANTS AND FOR LETTING ME USE YOUR RIDIMG BOOTS  #iloveyou follow back please watching my mom and Richard play this video game. but about to interrupt it to go get sissyface new mixtape goes hard !! good sh*t yeah hope so!  x doing my homework now , so i can go westfield tommorow :D Please follow me  its my birthday on Wednesday and it would make MY LIFE if you did&lt;3 you are flawless :} #muchlove &lt;3 2 glad I got to see  before she leaves on Sunday today is my birthday, could you wish me a happy birthday? please yah I saw u r promoting me. That's why u are the best :P what did you get? aw thats good  what is your lung function if you dont mind me asking? Bonsoir RT  Heartwarming Pictures Of Men And Their Dogs In WWII RT   It's Friday, it's snowing, take a break and smile Bits #BEP is my heart  My life is  #Peabody Hi thanks for the follow Hi Ricky ! How are you ? ~*~ Have a great Friday ~*~ and ~*~ Have a wonderful weekend ~*~ Hugs lol yup  i cant wait....its my 21st, so this shit betta be epic lol Pon Wea Wea!! :D  Will do!! Have a good weekend  don't get to crazyy! for you,   So stinking cute i might have a drink tonight. FOREVER ALONE :P Thank you Flowery Branch for being so disrespectful to us cheer leaders , you ROCK . :P #growup haha! But that would be fun! RT   sing duets with Naya all day long , at  houseee - w/  I love my cousins  &lt;3 lol gonna go blonde isi? Do it Should I ? : ) RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about #FF my compadre that's dragoon :p “  MERLIN ” RT Done please can u give me a follow then I've got the whole 3some  I'm not a nut job, I'm just desperate lol yeah I will  I want to know something, how do you get all that beautiful colors with your hair? Do u use discoloration? oh yeah! i dont promote piracy. I can recommend good movies to go watch but not movies to go Download. How you get 'em, is up to you I need to get my eyebrows done tho lol it'll come to ya, no sweat :-) i know what was that freaky smile at then end? Really annoying, phil didn't kill stella but it looks like he did to the police Yeah or do like  does with  google translate it! hahah all I've gathered is you're apparently a corpse?  #deadface done back lad at the back in goal. That worked for us tho!  #champions! Hey!   Just the worktape.    I have to send everything I write or cowrite to my publisher...sounds like they liked it tho. You can call me looking forward to it i know how are you? Thank u darling!  RT" My friend  looks stunning in the new Far East Movement video!" There's no reason for me to stop loving you, but there are a million reasons for me to stay just seen it  markus needs to bring you to gods march 17th I know I'm weird it's a compliment thanks xxx thanks joe  when I come home it will be 1 week 2 days til brand new  x Hi i just followed u  plz can u follow actress  il giv u shoutout &lt;3xoxo I don't even like popcorn. :D RT  Keep talking shit bitches, just don't expect me to care Good!  Do you? In a proper shitty mood, so imma just write it all down on a piece of paper, rather than ranting about it crazyyy! Haha goodluck #ff  shes a legend. Go on say hi to her :-) it was yummy, of course :-)  x i dont understand their language kaman :D I salute your courage of speaking your mind openly :D oh okay ill text u later Dis candy doe please follow me  #teamfollowback Hahaha ! "Ringer Crap" ? :-) I intend to watch it, now that i know Misha has a role in it Hey! If you dig great music, please check out and follow hehe :D joehoeeeeee via face following you! :-) Can you follow me? much love from    ITALY pregoo :D RT  Givin my boy  a massage and hes lovinnnnn it  pa da pa pa paaaaa I'm coming to Kennesaw 
Still sad? oh ok...
I TRIED!!! lol how great is that! May have to get my aunt to send me a letter with one on hahahaha 2 hours is too much, 10 minutes are fine :P No lol RT  #Bomb bring me some :p RT  Quick stop at Chipotle yummy :D 7ader ill make sure it gets to them loud and clear :D I'm going to phone a few fans. But go follow  first? RT if u did Have done  And well done for setting this up! Means alot for some people  x Ew were watching this film and its so gross i feel sick, i know have my jacket over my head and on my phone Family I LOVE YOU, I NEED YOU, I WANT YOU. WILL YOU FOLLOW ME AND MAKE ME HAPPY :D   #followbacksBed rocking is a must in this department then u'll Love this  even more ... x :D RT  RT  we are never made to worry, we are made to worship the One who takes care of our worries thank you RT   , I DM 'ed You Boo : ) You make me smile, I don't know why or how, but you do  #TheCrazyThingsInLife go crawl back under your stone :P have found one of me on my 16th... follow me please? :D loveyou! #jadenator Rey Get Dressed , Waiting On My Mother that's a GREAT reason...thanks for the follow I can feel you Forgetting Me my  chemical penguin :D #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin I miss you sis&lt;3&lt;3 RT  HIDE & GO SEEK AT TRACK   #TrackNation mummy said that is ok  xxxxxxxxx My retard smile, I was happy that day tbh yes thanks, I was in Balmaseda with the mayor :-) you're my inspiration , i love you  #mahomiesforlife &lt;3 RT  RT for a Shoutout Take good care of my brother  & drive careful this is him  xxx Ma'am to this day you are still hot sounds good to me honey! I'll chat and make plans with you after easter  x x Night night. Need to drag myself off the floor first. Might take a wee while  Xx not all of us!   I still &lt;3 him! okayy, follow me  i follow back! not really :P i mean i should study more but i cant....i'm tired and bored :/ how is school going?? RT  Somebody Text Me RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about I know,  and I don't you just 1 klick on my follow button, please? would mean a lot of me  i love you. 9 be herself! Whatever you're naturally attracted to will get your attention..but a mention won't hurt! You always reply back Just ordered a mini from  looking forward to painting something different :-) yes, still a twitter novice... When ru showing me ur film? :-) Haha, and than i would exploded! Hij is echt zo grappig! Would you come to New Hampshire for your book tour? (please?) if you like it go for it lol  xx yes.nap. Whatever you'd sleep through is less important than lita happy hour  feel better! RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first what is the rder of the day for dinner then, pot noodle?. haven't but I'll go with I'm going to do the rest of the inviting and then I'll make a reservation RT   would wanna follow me tho hey can you follow back me,please? It's mean a lot for me.  love ya &lt;3 haha, it's just fine aw :/ alright well send me that one better put that touchpad to use yes, you can stay alive I think mk tomorrow idk bout tonight I'll ask tuan wadsworth think I'm inaccessible and audacious U b boko haram abi?RT  Hahaha! Urs! " Evil smile*hus pix u boro put? RT  See ur big head! :D Hahaha!! Im not worrying about kids right now. I need a nice ring first :D SKYPING WITH  LIKE A BAWS can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . no problem :* ahhh dw. You know they go by looks and you're probs the hottest one there, so no worries  ahah HEEEY I LOVE U  FOLLOW ME JADEN?! &lt;3 #Jadenators 6 RT  You've got a friend in me. RT  If you want something fun to do you need to check out  at Ceritano's tonight! Help support him! Had a nice meal! Now listening to #fireflies in the car, off to cats to watch #hangover2 for first time and pamper sesh  x I wish I could get    and  to tweet me. It would mean so much if they did. Love them!! Lol don't cryyyyy I'm only 4 hours away. RT  hope use all checked out that video of Jarvo earlier if not here it is again   :D neeeeeeeeeeew tag :D  Selena Helps The World thank you, ladies  ya'll are too sweet to think of me!! #sweethearts RT  My mate Tom is at the live show for BB . Let's give his wife some love  
Save  09016161711 Please do! Nighty night! oh yay! So your done  what did you do? buenas tardes Yeah i know its hard to believe  Sounds like you have a better weekend planed than me  cool more like #loser Happy Nails 2 in Bentonville! thought you should now that i am a new fan and a love #dancewithmetonight 
--rumeesa-t--  :D YOU LIE AGAIN!
"   Beht you agree with her :|" Hahaha! I'll not tell you who's there, you'll know at the 1st chapter :P And nee, poor Hyuk ;~; I randomly posted a made-up-chat on Tumblr last night...and it's already past 13k notes! #woah :D  :') haha :D :( time to come home... Time for more coke floats though  #diner nah mate just can't wait!  :-) football love it!! I just want 3 points tomoz! come to my locker if you cannn ; doing my damn hair this weekend! lol you better recognize! I'm not hungry doe there is something very very wrong with that. Come to a party next Saturday? it wasent just me!!! And plus you deflated my tires..... Your crazy :D guess who !!!!!!!! its strawberri on my niqqqhaaa crystal shit !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! luhh ya foo come! :D I can't promise you a nice bum but im awesome! Xx In a presentation and I am happy to see the #jing sun on their laptop ME TOO :-) RT  i want some pancakes . with syrup. Russell Howard fans- BBC3 at 9!! :D Someone also told a guy the freezing temp was 30 degrees Fahrenheit. Don't believe what they say. :P RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU RT   yes you're are, end of the story lol don't try it more cause you are already extraordinary. About to go to work. I'll miss you em Follow me tho  #MentionMe Salon shower•babygrow•law&order•bed! ahh, #goodplan :D time to watch some #sororitygirls -  I hope they do another series soon Follow back please ? :D loving the new ep of #newgirl...awesome to have a quirky, awkward female character in a sitcom, jess is so relatable!  XxFilminho  (@ Shopping Iguatemi w/ 4 others) RT  #FF my new friend   our convos &gt;&gt;  I'm so lucky remembering God still gives me a lot of people that care and loves me for who I am Just finished reading your book...such a good read!..keep up the great work! hehe. Zaanah. I'm not use to this :P mwahz. Top 5 #FF:     and of course   Happy Friday all! InshAllah, u all deserve it. Sri Lanka is like us, others can hate but we support :-) On my way home with a Tim Horton's mocha. Perfect way to end a great week. you just replied to the same thing twice hahahahahahahaha :p haha yhh I'm only taking chem tho... And ur welcome! :D Ahahaha, I got up and danced after I finished crying  And I thought you were annoyed with me! &lt;3 xxx aha i'll wait for my musical epiphany :P I'll try not to give up  Writings never been this hard before though :/ hahhahaa knew you still liked him RT  Glad he will be with his friends to night  really need you lads and your there for me    #friends RT  RT   NF x - heey. - heyx nice ava I want some  ! will you share with me?  hahaha is hilarious in #NewGirl  love it! xxxx :D well come on then! RT  “  follow back girl !” Lol, followed back Curly Que Thank you And imma be your one guy, you be my number one girl, always making time for you. #biebermemories gail nuque think I'm smooth I have straight A's. A 3.7 GPA, and my class rank is #10! :D liam u :P x RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about Still wish people would stop being so close minded, but some people just aren't ready for it yet I'm in love with someone fake I don't like your lies Cat. My lies are much more inventive. Thank you anyway. :-) When you come inna mi romping shop lol yessss ! come over here and save me ! :D #CBB time soon!!! Who do you think is ganna get evicted....? RT  You'll get a copy of FOUR THE RECORD. A copy of Redbook featurin Blake on the cover and a AUTOGRAPHED Blake picture Thank you. " Mac Miller is horrible. I just give up on humans in general." except me, teehee #loveyou i got you doll yaaay! praise God! thank you! RT   listening to your choir on fb..yall sound good  aaoooww RT   9 mins left .. thank you all who took the time to vote!  Ill let you know where i place when  announces it I'm joking want it lol :p u mean the crazy punchbowl playlist?? Tiiight. Who needs booty basement? S'all about ur living room and that giant ass mirror :D RT  #1701 Icon -10 
(Please Follow Me On Tumblr If You Have One, I Follow Back!) About To Make Myself Happy RT   sorry i took so long. FOLLOWED. Yay my tummy is sore!! Beach body here we come  #teamfollowback now you need to help me put word on it! could i ask for a follow back?? good  and I have an extra ticket now if you know of anyone else wanting to go. It's for the row behind us. Just thought Id let you know ... I love youuuu! RT  I be feelin like im in My own Little world sometimes #TooMuchLove to u too 2 :D will do I hope bwfc win Entaa Shu mshkltk Wyay :p Anaa Kaify! 3aysh 7yaty.. O Btshoof mno by'3yr L3alm 38b ;D #FF my amazing best friends who mean the world to me ok.     &  xo were coool What's your real names? emmitt think I'm untutored and infantine it's cuz I'm bored nd fb is boring now :P You may look like a beaker, but not one of Muppet origin :p but uhhh.... interview tomorrow?  and I'm too confident... #np Tension - A7X ... On repeat.. coz its an amazing song Don't worry  , WE understand you)) &lt;33 Much better mood than yesterday  putting my deposit on my tattoo tomorrow then  town #thinkingofthepositives check out this one lol thanks love ya girl take care Alright ! RT:   My cousin wants to take me out for my birthdayyy but I'm not too sure yet! I'll let you know You know your on holiday when you spend a Friday night down A&E! ..... Rollerblades have a lot to answer too! Please follow me ! I´m a huge Belieber #NeverSayNever Right ? thank u babe! : ) Im dead serious :P ahha, I do love sleep :p Ashlee please hit the boys :D ( live on Hi please nominate  MJ's protege in the #music category on  add because thanks  appreciated ♥ Outlet Mall!!!!! :D :O really? I hate Finchel. Lol but i like Cory is cute Yeah I'm from Sweden haha! Yes I'm going to the tour  Where are you from? Germany? Awesome! Which place did you go to? FUCK YES! this just made my day ah so jelly! I know, it's so great. I can hardly wait anyyyy longer Aw background :p Merci Liking the new icon  xx oiee Followers RT  When i see your face, there's not a thing that i would change, cause you're amaizing...Just the way you are THE WEEKEND IS FINALLY HERE! Happy birthday to my nephew Kingston who turns a big 1 today. Aunty can't wait to see you handsome.. I love you!!!  Xoxo Nadi!Nath o ddeud fluffy cos dyna dir unig gair odd on dallt yn y sentence! haha xD Natho ddeud, "Explain please" ar ol fo :P Atleast I got my cruise spot out of it. And hoping they do some US shows before the yr is over. Np :-) Not long now :D Belieb / believe tour to uk is trending in manchester ;) !! I hope it comes truee  plz see this :D just reached 200 followers :') omg,It may not look like much,but this means a lot  thanks guys! &lt;3 Gonna go watch a movie  Hope everyone is having an awesome and blessed night!! Turn that frown upside down&lt;3 im tryna come to NY for my bday :-) You don't need to follow me to be able to win the signed photo  but if you do, I love you. About To Get Off Of Work... RT  RT if Michael Jackson can make you smile. Happy birthday  :D " Phil Mitchell locked up ! That ain't gonna be for long. #bringbackgrant #rosskemp".    Totally agree!! ha ha ha thanks I thi...... Lol, have a great weekend oops wrong person,ur cute though Congrats!  Sorry :( //  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-)))RT  My mate Tom is at the live show for BB . Let's give his wife some love  
Save  09016161711 River Flows In You - Yiruma AKA best piano song ever ! yeaah ! If your momma can come get me :D Now here @ The Owl of Minerva :D time to eat dinner HAHA' #SJP RT  Make me your radio, turn me up when you feel low. :D - That's what 1D is to me. :') me too Happicidad to the power con At chili's with my baby well good luck Followed..!  Follow back? the math test wasnt bad at all! Peppa pig world is hiring. Debating quitting my job and moving to peppa pig world awesome...Enjoy...Always Keep smiling, and that is what all of us Want Mopping every floor until it's time 2 go...by choice :-) #Sanitation how long have you had it? which iPhone is it? sounds perfect Oh my gosh... Herbal tea is soooooo good  #SoWarm was alright Hello  Welcome to apbassettsolicitors.co.uk where we take the law seriously & our tweets lightly. Thank you for the follow :-) RT  The voice kids lijkt me echt super gaaf !! :D RT  RT this if you're online and u want more directioner followers  ( follow me and I'll help a few of u ) Kmt LOOL! I thought you were talking about mix up -.- & a note will soon come to you :D Your bets are worthless to me then. :P OMG i cant wait till we go and see 1D in feb do we get a met and greet because i forgot what you said lol :P nancey think I'm 148. Economized cnt wait for this meet & greet wednesday :D Starting to feel better! Get off your but and shake your boot-ay :D Enjoy it's FRIDAY!Bammmm! ehtel think I'm halting he said Thankyou  already well bevved in ravens xx let's be honest... K's and y's in names are the freakin best. Duh.  our parents were so hardcore with name spelling T to the G to the I to the FF.... #CHEERS :D please follow me! xxx LAST CHANCE FOR AN 11k SHOUTOUT! RT OR MENTION RT  At the movies with  where it alllll began  #iloveyou RT  #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK:... Thanks for letting us know! We're working to get it fixed right away what? is that too much or too little? :-) Thank you TY 4 following me  May you succeed in all of your endeavors ! Blessings Some say That hè just released pop cd's under The name of Lady Gaga, al we know hè is called The stig  #topgear I always find things out. Lol, at least someone's on my side. aww she looks very comfortable in her bed I saw some kid at my school today who looks like Harvey's buddy on Boy Meets World. LoL they're practically identical :D im going to the mall :p shout out to my new follower &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; :-) I guess :p nice! congrats French onion soup fuck YOU. Now I'm actually mad at you! :P in GRUHN hair lady! back stabbers sweetie My Dad: 'Oh I do miss old Zars and Aimes' hahah :p Parents teach their kids as their kids teach them throughout life. Funny how we pass on the wise who've passed it on to us.  - Me 01.20.12 I need some drinks for tonight :-) LMAO!! U totally #ROCK!! Thnx..it fuels my #Adrenaline :-) Nearly time for hustle that is so-so, but I'm so afraid that what I write will just be a cliche. You know that feeling? ojaa is goed! Thankss Its A Beautiful Morning ! : ) follow me and  please ! we love you   26 I'm really behind on Twitter today. Busy day. All is well though. It's the good kind of busy.  Miss my tweeps! If that's what you want, yes.  #6ws lmao U like it tho : ) raft by Stephen Baxter, if you think a book about a universe with gravity 2 billion times stronger is as cool an idea as I do :P #LiamFollow1DTourUpdate  hi liam, what are u doing? follow  immediately ahahah really? I'm not but thanks  hehe I love you xoxo they are good thanks  little turds tho..... :D xx Shower look get ready look in the mirror and think damn i look good  i got a feeling that tonights gonna be a good night learn how to spell. thank you for the #ff mentions!! yeaa . I kno the shxt : ) geraldine think I'm amateur “ Why the fuck is Clifford big and red?!” who cares he is cute and cuddly lol  &lt;3 nice :-) &lt;&lt;&lt;New Avi loving the live version of "I won't give up" #youreamazing :D didn't you know. Headed to the beach in a few hours for the weekend i hope it doesnt rain hey selena gomez  I love your movie Monte carlo I think it's awesome I'll tell you my little story on chat later RT  Just had to Tweet this again! Too cute! :D Yea  it's on BBC1, ever watched it before, but it's not bad Oh Dang. I'm Having A Five Day Weekend :D I Didn't Go To School Yesterday Or Today & There's No School On Monday ^____^ Who is this person on  She's trippy! I hopee he comee spend thee day with me tmrw!! #FF My Crybaby Cousin Follow Me !!! Please I Love u ! Te amo ! :D 7 thanks for the #FF!! naw you dont make me mad at all haha about me ? haha  :P peter think I'm knotted up follow back?? :D Canular, or not Canular, that is the question :D ! ( live on Dai che sta salendo  Believe Tour To ITALY Love them old school songs i cant wait untill may either babey... I love you so so much sweetheart!  xx just watched tucker and dale vs evil, now making cheesy chips. yum :P Hahaa, brilliant  Just about how it's WRONG for me to like the music and stuff I like, just because they don't like it. Currently getting my hair whipped :-)RT  RT this if you're online and u want more directioner followers  ( follow me and I'll help a few of u ) RT  A nigga gone be a nigga, a hoe gone be a hoe. #AintNoWayAroundIt If I Come Im Crackin  Hahahahahah . #chickenpadthai  Why talk  not with me :( i love hear so matchhh  please i love youuuu! I'm crying all day on you!  i love you! follow me please! i heart u :D My mom bought the nicos for  & I last night RT  Just had to Tweet this again! Too cute! :D Nap time!! I got a long night ahead of me!  #WinterWonderland Thanks  xx [BUYING] Super Junior [SS4 SINGAPORE] Looking for 2 tickets Super Show 4 SG 2nd day. Mention me. RT please. Thanks she should, I would! RT   very much so darling. if not you can always run back to me I'll be here for you  &lt;3 well if we can squeeze it in before my 7:30 train, I believe my employer promised you a pint. I look forward to expensing it. Inception is amazingg  I wanna watch it again. Mine...The Proposal and P.s I love you. I'm a RomCom girl RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first were the bitches lol RT   u already That feeling off relief when you take your scarf off after it's been squeezing your head for hours! Hahaha :D CHRIS BROWN WITH YOU :P  ( live on That's what I be on, welcome to my world  lol "  I wanna do everything new I've never done" good! :D stay right there! :3 RT  RT this if you're online and u want more directioner followers  ( follow me and I'll help a few of u ) Nice one you beast :D PeLaJaRan PaGi Ni :waiTiNg foR the Bus inside the Bus station not outside the Bus station&gt;dapeT bUs ekoNoMi :( #tapi gk p2 sih save money :D def made me LOL cause I saw it then read your tweet okay byeeeeee Man today I had a good day FUCK TISA HATS. #Subtweet I miss you moreee love, see you next weekend follow me Jaden  .... PLEASE That Alice interview is so berty and fun ! :D Kaetlyn Osmond is first after SP #CANFS12  I like her dress A little surprised & wasn't expecting it even though I was dubious about those 2 characters. Thought it was a superb ending #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK on the bed? two girls right? i heard two voice.. :D ( live on Aww you have a bf now? :D happy birthday  x love yu too 5 more followers  until 100!!! :D enjoyed the observation at RC todayy  , those kids are soo cutee lol Homegirl who weighed my ass told me I don't look my weight...I'll take that :D especially since I ain't work out this week. Is it in London you are!? Have fun! :-) GOD's Favor and Blessing. His Peace and Calm. Sweet Pleasant Rest :-) #nowplaying I Get Along- Pet Shop Boys shoot you give me a discount ill come.. I was looking very sexy today thou skittles shot :D RT  RT if you want a follow from me cause im following everyone that follows Ahhhh I just found out my friends getting marriedddd! & He wants me to sing at his weddinggg, this is nuts! thank you  hope your alright xxx i know....it was weird and random...but since i told u it wont happen now   miss ya RT  It's crazy how guys think they can control you … to bad i have ONE dad nice to see u Carl!         #AwesomeTeam #FF 'k bro (LOL) night! Don't have any of those! Had a mushroom omlette instead We have power now, and the snow storm seems to have calmed down a bit, so I'm finally home. RT  Anyone want a #FF? RT this and i'll do one :-) there is the door :D couples. Let him live his life  you go nick &lt;3 I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE YOU TO GBABY.. Good head at random hours : ) yes !! Hey! If you dig great music, please check out and follow Oh so you're (BEAUTIFUL PERSON) reading a book? :D S/O to  Follow her she needs followers asap can we get any spoilers for SBL? Anything that might surprise us? But you wish you was here  :-* RT   two chickens cuddled up in the coup, how cute ♡ and id meet you down there :P fausto bennight think I'm cheerless Yep, i agree too! lol relaxing...sounds nice. :-) I need some new followers. Finna add some random people. Or jus tell ur followers bout me OmW To: My Home :D yes hey Jennette I'm wondering if there will be a ustream soon? :D Olhaa qq eu vou hein**   :P Same. :( Sucks spring training is during the semester. But I am going to Toronto for #Jays games after finals, so there's that. just made a onda... no idea what it us but hell why not :D haha chin up :P “ Bangin assss mood can't wait to watch movies later lmao :D &lt;3” !!!!!! hahaha, yeah, if we can dream about that we can do it, we just need to want it really bad :D NO thank you :D oh you know... the usual ; short romances, work, work, work and clubbin' for the most part :P you? good : ) Happy birthday little cuz  xoxoxo my high score :D Ayyyyy lol RT  Two Bald Heads Kissing In the Back Seat ==&gt;&gt;&gt;  and byron think I'm obsequies and panegyrics u said that u will follow at least 100 belibers each day so plzz am waiting for your follow back  NSN I LOVE YOU &lt;3 )) RT  RT if you love  Jukebox happy birthday to you! :-) RT  Rt if you love One Direction yes please that would be lovely :-) Will be seeing Blake Shelton and Justin Moore in concert next Friday with   so freakin excited!!!!! RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first call me tonight not for this chickk  !Andd i Kinda Like you lol  well not kinda i DO like you . please follow me im your biggest fan :D u should follow me  just sayin' RT   &' Me glad to hear it  and yeahh, everything's going good here too thanks! can you please follow back by the way? x Thank you Len! Me too, make mine a diet Dr Pepper  RT  Dont need one but i want one A- in Calculus! Couldn't be happier :D #cloudnine I miss you on YouTube!!!!!! I can't wait till the show is over so you can be less busy lol. Have fun!!!! On Voxer w/ Roro  She Needa Coe Get These Shoes Before I Be Gone Whwn She Come Yo. I love it when a whole bunch of nrw songs come out at the same time that way if I get tired of one there's always another one... RT   My Loveeeeeeee you can try sidereel  or bwqbclips on YouTube  x RT  #YouKnowDamnWell you don't need a perfect relationship, you just need someone who won't give up on you About to cuddle up with my pillows LOL!! I'm totally fine then :D it will be my treat ;) skrg tngl si  neh bs ap gak! Hahahaha brill ta :-) a craft fayre I sell at had u as a follow and I wondered if it was u so googled lol howz the kids :-) wish you could come girl! :(:(:(:( I'm bringing Rae! Bring the kiddies! 💙💜 hah. Though, you'd have dos. Viendo friends RT   Recording it soon! we should hang out this weekend... :D I'm so close man! :P God and his Glory with us! That's a nice combination! Hopefully me and #oomf will be that great together  (...) i am  but im happy for him. I really do. Even thats really hard. enjoy. You may need to turn subtitles on for the first few episodes till you get used to the lingo, like we did :-) need to restore and retry :( already tried to update and restore 3 times lost patience :P hehe :D Thats what i plan on doing ._. I have a thing for suits these days D: xoxo lyle think I'm grieving RT  RT this if you want to win a 1D signed photo  check previous tweet to know how to win. Amén Ángel Mío. Dios te Bendiga. Cuídate :D “  Thank you, God's grace be with you” Has somebody been upsetting my good friend ? Bad guy is here -Almost Home , I Been Ready To See My Aiden All Day Thanks for the #ff! RT  #FF its one of those things where you shoulda been there! :D we do indeed :p xx It was well needed Omw to work :-) :-) made my day. RT  Man....i love my  even though he drives me crazy 80% of the time....haha XoXo Pretty Little Liars was good this week which one?    but, thank you, either way Accompany  to get her life together haha I know (: he's dope and cheers to that sis  what are you smoking? thank you and I hope you like the cards that are on the way to you We play music on ma phone relaxn :-) "page 20 of 366" The best day ever !!!!! love love ... I did the thing that i want it from along time :D not exactly but it's okay i love it lol I know....I got you. Weirdo :p jk :-) lol think yu :-) The fuzzy rush that only school friends can bring typical woody..smh dumb ass joke..I miss u tho ex buddy! RT  Liam is beautiful. Louis is beautiful. Niall is beautiful. Zayn is beautiful. Harry is beautiful. TRUE DIRECTIONER THOUGHT I like it! I've recorded one on my camera ill upload it on the computer and send it to you tomoz hahaha, mine was the day before we went back to school and I had no voice the first day back lol :P Wow, that's really close! &lt;3 Grrr :D #joke, take our time! I love you Mary-Jane &lt;3
you always let me hit it in the AM Nsait esma lool, but i thought you'll be interested :p Change of plans for the weekend..staying local. u can keep that messy weather up North  weekend full of crafting and homework here I come kirk think I'm trivial and ridiculous Tweet me your name and I will tell you if harrys,zayns,liams,louis' or nialls lastname goes with your name  RT  RT if you love  Eyes Wide Open plus, thanks for google, you can almost always find the answer there :D cool  x i might get BB but i love iphone asweel  xx You've gotta love Barack! 
Let's stay together .... in 2012 ;-) Anytime Sounds good to me ill DM you  how many are you bringing along? Xx I know right,I'm gonna call it sleepy friday :P it was FUNNY IS SHIT When my mom comes home from work, I'm going to ask her if I can get a hair cut tomorrow. Tired of this hair. Keeping it red though!  ♥ watss upp  ( live on omg thank you rebecca, i think he has :D Nothing haha yeah its free, but we have to pay for books and stuff lol :-) I was walking past and caught a glance. Next time I will. Am always around there. U have a good shift? Don't know why but eating a slice of cake tonight made me think of you!! :-) Ohh brw I wasnkt actually 'high' haha I meant happy *hugs* thank you for the shatter me love I love you too cutie You got me spamming your TL with it for the next 10 years :P hahaha^^ follow me and  please ! we love you  30 Physics class with that's betterrrrrrr!! :-) aww thanks Sarah, hope you are feeling better now " Me and  looking FYNE  #ResidentialMemories  Aww bk in the dizzay haha for sure can I please get an RT cuz I love you guys like crazy I'm not geeking but you were bad today Some kickass cupcakes with Working on something... #art #vector :-) :-) listening to My Home again was EXACTLY what I needed :D I love the Given To Fly album hahaha haha yeah even way out in Stockholm tooown!! ;) 
#DreamVille RT  #CAGANDO . ( o que foi é mal? Nao cagas tambem? Nem cagas refresco ) wooo the "best meditation". Can you spell PARTY!!! :D I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #comedian because.. he's funny and I love him sorry Came back from school lol funny part was when jeaden fell i i cought him :P We made a  pizza for u! :D Xx Yayyyy!  thats what i said to johnny that us lot havent been out for agess! :D xHola RT  Hola. RT   Never. Tha MONEY COME 2nd to God . its great you&#39;re tweeting your fans!  we love you so much Chris When I don't leave a kiss at the end of a comment on fb, then you have truely pissed me off  As I'm lovely normally, just a warning ;) it'll be a preview of loveland #bestbuds  omg that sucks :/ we didn't have school today aww well atleast he was sweet enough to come visit!  Ya'll better had exchanged #'s too! Lol. ah yes i will look for it now! aw thank you! Sorry I'm not there to drink it, you're very welcome to have it :P see you next time! RT  RT if you love the inbetweeners dance. I wrote a Poem Back hoome thats good mate! gotta make sure my white boy gotta stay happy! fuck that bitch mate! her loss! and yeahh mate looooool RT  Learning to play 'I want' by 1D on my piano  #excited kk i have hahaha of course I did . You know me :D you have to go home? :p haha but who'll be the first down the aisle? #palsoh10wedding #notmeanyways :D I'd have to get the shift first #dryjanuary Fabulous boutique in Belmar! Like them....then stop in this weekend whoooow stop did u just.......yeppp don't let me catch you in this pond cause im deff hoppin out da water on you young :-) RT  #FF Lunch at Apple Bee's with my baby. 10rb ya plus foto :p RT&quot; 30rb mb udh subuh :p RT  Durennya mbaaaaa cc: #NP Birthday cake by Rihanna Lol. I like girls :D  Hunni is cooking for me tonight.. then movies later :-) shoutttout to my new follower Nothing better than a free chinese  #yum You're welcome! follow follow follow me I'm in a group video chat - Click to watch or join:  just meeeee join :D I bought two playsuits :D I Kno How I Want My Hair aw yes I know, it will be nice!  looking forward to it honey! #thankgoodnessiknowyou phew Don't I alwayss? ;) I jokee. Haha thankss  it was all for youuu :D RT  picture of the day! retweet this if you love  smile uuhh...really tired, I wanna take a bath with hot water, who wanna join me RT  On my way to Wooster with my  swimmers  meet tonight! Let's go raiders! The Black Eyed Peas - Shut Up:  vía  :D should I text you every morning? :P haha

And I love you more she's 20, BUT she acts like a 9 year old horse, and I'm serious :D Aww thanks “ I know :'( ima call you so we can catch up )" aight fu fuuuu RT  I once seriously had a dream  tweeted me  just a dream though RT  RT if you want to do the '1 2 3 flick' dance with   #1Dvideodiaries thanks! I'm re-doing my blog to include her :D En Vogue! I miss them too. Their first album is a classic :-) #throwback #retro at least i aint a poofer :P lol  . Doing it big.  But I didn't know that. Lol. lmaoo I'm not even mad at him tho so I won't say fuck him and I am doing wayyyy better Everyone follow smoking this #LOUD and listening to my late-great husband Bob Marley  don't judge me bitches.lol New game for you to try out mate #JetPackJoyRide Definitely RT  Welcome back tooo DP Bieng antisocial with esha :D both on twitter aha :P x My mom calls and goes "i was jus calling to say 'i Love yu'.......aww Be Jeaous :P :-)  #np you da one yuette think I'm dejected sisisisiis estan bellisimos Jaden! You are amazing, Follow me? if you want jajajaja i'm Jadenator :D Right If I Saw, One Direction, JLS and The wanted All In One Show. My Life would Be Made. I've seen the wanted and JLS in one night :D jaaaaaaden, please follow me?  8 Can't wait for Sunday really hope Kildare win #VeryExciting np anytime!! I always drive home from school right after, so let me know if you eva need ridessss A millor poquet a poquet!  #razonesparacreer I don't - though I have seen other's. Really glad you're liking it though  cool cool Forreals :O that's awesome :D finally a new source for the gospel x thanks again :D I'll spreasd the word x Yes you will Ben les cours, devoirs... Demain Week-End ! :D Yeaah ! xD Just raving to 1D with izzy on the bus, singing really loud I think people think were wierd but who cares xx RT  A boyfriends job is to keep a smile on his girlfriends face always a good thing If you become famous you must hire me as your personal physician  #TheAlbonFactor MEEEEEEEP. I wish :P :D will dig one out! x wrong meaning, more than one year. Lol #Clarification #Marrige #Wait :-) HEY! :D we are massive One Direction fans!!:D Follow us please  xx Oh my, I'm blushing. Thank you WTF i am so jealous kyleigh!!! that is so freaking cute!!! )) lucky you girl!!! I totally hear ya! Stopped in at your blog and love the cards you shared yesterday thanks anyway :-) thank youu RT  im following the first 50 people to follow  ! RT if you want me to follow you! Hello from Spain You are welcome :-) RT  Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless :D Sit the fuck down :p awww thank you!! NP  I miss you too!! But I'm good, wby!?! thanks! casually lying on the floor watching eyes wide open on my ceiling :D I can't wait for snow :-) Doing a great deed. Nf  : ) , Follow Backyes ANYTHING ! Lol
#chocoholic  :D awwww.... Its ok don't cry, I've said it now, I'll leave it at that  x x please, say hi to your brazilian fans? we love you so much  6 lmao relax  knows I love her lol exactly :P that was the point! no dessert for you..you might grow fat if you eat too many cakes :p me patiently waiting has payed off :D RT  Lmfao oh shit “  oh your girl a top notch though elizbeth think I'm perception and recognition Lol I'm happy tho atleast am a be out real soon :D RT  LMAO....*points hand* Back to RP :D....:( ... downloaded skype, will call u in a minute Warning!CUTE OVERLOAD: Enter at own risk! :p Finally out! Its the weekend doeeeeeee #GetUrGoodOn You help change the world :D kristopher sanagustin think I'm proactive *licks you* love you! RT  #FF    :D Love you girls LaQuann is the best person to talk to when you are sad / maddd. he says the funnies things to make you snap back with out noticing •  do you believe in miracles?  #MrCelebUKandTW •2 :Dx Nice and I'm in year 11 ) College in September though :D You could've done like Pitbull's  song: 'grab somebody sexy tell 'em "hey" give me everything tonight.' Okay, I gotta stop :P cool stories bro :P (I couldn't stop, love you :D ) That was legit the best & most amazing afternoon I've spent with my CH ladies!!!  #laughters LONG LIVE HEIDIS & VELOCIRAPTORS!! ;) ha! haha man well I'm bout to clock do this 8hrs. Ttyl. “ Me and my big mouth like ECG generator. I spoke too soon. #fuing”&lt;&lt;power cut? I can relate! :-) hibaccchiiiiii  delishhhh!!! don't know those people hahaha Woah, February! My birthday month, you just got a whole lot better! I can already tell u the name of my new girlfriend! aww  now all yu gotha do is see mee ! sharon styles  x RT  I have a bomb ass bestfriend singing  with rob Hi Chris  this is my site for you  
Visit it if you want!
&lt;3 Neverminnnddd I got it RT  RT  RT   NF x - heey. - heyx nice ava  - dankjewell x sorted!! Its ridiculous the amount of work for this effing module!!! Anyway good luck with the revision and tomorrow!!  xx Brah you know the dude u told to get with me you aint never no old man but you are a sexy one lol I guess you should bring that up to any reps that come by the lab.. Smh" Water!  What" Smh RT  Hehe :p" Yimu mi! :* RT  :D 800- S/O to  ,  , and Definitely right :p My man all over “ #Pisces love to be seduced & dominated. Make your move in the dark... you won't regret it.” I believe I know myself better than youu do Cause this missionnnnn is noooo fucking joke :p Your eyes reflect off mine. The breathes we take in stop time.  love that song RT  My group is going well so far  we need to look for a manager though it's not as easy as it seems -.- &lt;3 Tweeties please help me get to 300 followers : follow me  I will follow you back  x Not over you RT  At Least I Have Twitter To Keep Me Company Through This Storm Lol I've just seen all the shit u wrote on my twitter!haha start by stop callin me that n I myt consider it! :P lol x top-notch track...had not heard it before lol SO! It sounds better when I tell you I love you Watching #meangirls love this film  x beautiful 160 minutes left till youtube uploads my first cover , cant wait :/ Great start to my year!!  if everything goes thru its gonna be awesomeeee!! Most likely gonna work tomorrow.. no idea. Been lost in H's room. Rescued now you knew that i had em all along follow me and  please ! we love you  40 yeh measured 27wks and 5 days I'm 28 today so pretty much bang on, ones just over 3lb ones just under!! You...you there. *poke poke* I voted for you. You're my horse. Now  run, damn you! Run!! yay :D and the spares?  RT  :-) made my day. RT  Man....i love my  even though he drives me crazy 80% of the time....haha XoXo nahhh not one bit.. i just hate you whores - Yup It's Me : ) , Just Don't Know How To Really Work This Sh*t -__- bazen hic birsey dememek en guzeli thank you :D YO SHALLOW, MUSIC IS HARD#BLOWIN UP THE UK ATM FOLLOW BACK G Will Elli be there too? :D I'm grand, how's you, enjoying a bottle of wine I hope I won't  I'm going shopping tomorrow but when I get home il take it down kkkkkkkkkk home dog x RT  all new episode of Shake It Up airing this Sunday! one of my favs Reading it now lmao all her friends are tryna be my friend on facebook lmao alright idgaf i'll confirm you bitches thank you!  When is your next secret tea party?? x Good. Got out of school early x) And now i'm watching videos... :P RT  Love these vote 1D pics people have thank you guys Follow back?  x Do you have an idea who A is? Drinkieee time with my favsss  Bradd and Eden  waiting for shithead Ryan xoxo You can come embarass me monday!  #cantwait #missyou foods Alhumdulillah lovely so is the atmosphere and deco. Service is fast and foods served quite quick.  defo worth a try! really ?! *giggles* :D Or, if you're like every other student ever, make friends BECAUSE you're getting drunk :P Another game another clean sheet yeah I peeped, no probbb then i guess you can read my mind  &lt;3 Treating myself today! 10 weeks until #SpringBreak2012 !! #CantWait YUM! At least you have someone to eat pineapple for hahhah :P have a good day and buy lots of stuff  x awwee RT  Infinidock, Gridlock, Infiniboard, Infinifolders, etc all work on the iPad 2 as well.  #fb #winning omg yesss.  hahah i love this. perfect. -looks outside- our ride is here on my way home now babe , I do love it    X x x x enjoy that #konyagi #passion! Both on mine and  's behalf! Go #HAM! east vs heelan tonight  with  and REGAN. #dontknowhertwittername Ey VOTE FOR  PLEASE! Hij is nice  and love how he is hyperactive on the stage xD VOTE NOW...I Got Hoes In Different Area Codes REACHED 1000 FOLLOWERS THANK YOU SO MUCH! my goal is reached yeehaaa :D :D :D thankssss everybody this is just AMAZINGGGGG xx yes ANYTHING ! Lol
#chocoholic  :D awwww.... Its ok don't cry, I've said it now, I'll leave it at that  x x please, say hi to your brazilian fans? we love you so much  6 lmao relax  knows I love her lol exactly :P that was the point! no dessert for you..you might grow fat if you eat too many cakes :p me patiently waiting has payed off :D RT  Lmfao oh shit “  oh your girl a top notch though elizbeth think I'm perception and recognition Lol I'm happy tho atleast am a be out real soon :D RT  LMAO....*points hand* Back to RP :D....:( ... downloaded skype, will call u in a minute Warning!CUTE OVERLOAD: Enter at own risk! :p Finally out! Its the weekend doeeeeeee #GetUrGoodOn You help change the world :D kristopher sanagustin think I'm proactive *licks you* love you! RT  #FF    :D Love you girls LaQuann is the best person to talk to when you are sad / maddd. he says the funnies things to make you snap back with out noticing •  do you believe in miracles?  #MrCelebUKandTW •2 :Dx Nice and I'm in year 11 ) College in September though :D You could've done like Pitbull's  song: 'grab somebody sexy tell 'em "hey" give me everything tonight.' Okay, I gotta stop :P cool stories bro :P (I couldn't stop, love you :D ) That was legit the best & most amazing afternoon I've spent with my CH ladies!!!  #laughters LONG LIVE HEIDIS & VELOCIRAPTORS!! ;) ha! haha man well I'm bout to clock do this 8hrs. Ttyl. “ Me and my big mouth like ECG generator. I spoke too soon. #fuing”&lt;&lt;power cut? I can relate! :-) hibaccchiiiiii  delishhhh!!! don't know those people hahaha Woah, February! My birthday month, you just got a whole lot better! I can already tell u the name of my new girlfriend! aww  now all yu gotha do is see mee ! RT  I have a bomb ass bestfriend singing  with rob Hi Chris  this is my site for you  
Visit it if you want!
&lt;3 Neverminnnddd I got it RT  RT  RT   NF x - heey. - heyx nice ava  - dankjewell x sorted!! Its ridiculous the amount of work for this effing module!!! Anyway good luck with the revision and tomorrow!!  xx Brah you know the dude u told to get with me you aint never no old man but you are a sexy one lol I guess you should bring that up to any reps that come by the lab.. Smh" Water!  What" Smh RT  Hehe :p" Yimu mi! :* RT  :D 800- S/O to  ,  , and Definitely right :p My man all over “ #Pisces love to be seduced & dominated. Make your move in the dark... you won't regret it.” I believe I know myself better than youu do Cause this missionnnnn is noooo fucking joke :p Your eyes reflect off mine. The breathes we take in stop time.  love that song RT  My group is going well so far  we need to look for a manager though it's not as easy as it seems -.- &lt;3 Tweeties please help me get to 300 followers : follow me  I will follow you back  x Not over you RT  At Least I Have Twitter To Keep Me Company Through This Storm Lol I've just seen all the shit u wrote on my twitter!haha start by stop callin me that n I myt consider it! :P lol x top-notch track...had not heard it before lol SO! It sounds better when I tell you I love you Watching #meangirls love this film  x beautiful 160 minutes left till youtube uploads my first cover , cant wait :/ Great start to my year!!  if everything goes thru its gonna be awesomeeee!! Most likely gonna work tomorrow.. no idea. Been lost in H's room. Rescued now you knew that i had em all along follow me and  please ! we love you  40 yeh measured 27wks and 5 days I'm 28 today so pretty much bang on, ones just over 3lb ones just under!! You...you there. *poke poke* I voted for you. You're my horse. Now  run, damn you! Run!! yay :D and the spares?  RT  :-) made my day. RT  Man....i love my  even though he drives me crazy 80% of the time....haha XoXo nahhh not one bit.. i just hate you whores - Yup It's Me : ) , Just Don't Know How To Really Work This Sh*t -__- bazen hic birsey dememek en guzeli thank you :D YO SHALLOW, MUSIC IS HARD#BLOWIN UP THE UK ATM FOLLOW BACK G Will Elli be there too? :D I'm grand, how's you, enjoying a bottle of wine I hope I won't  I'm going shopping tomorrow but when I get home il take it down kkkkkkkkkk home dog x RT  all new episode of Shake It Up airing this Sunday! one of my favs Reading it now lmao all her friends are tryna be my friend on facebook lmao alright idgaf i'll confirm you bitches thank you!  When is your next secret tea party?? x Good. Got out of school early x) And now i'm watching videos... :P RT  Love these vote 1D pics people have thank you guys Follow back?  x Do you have an idea who A is? Drinkieee time with my favsss  Bradd and Eden  waiting for shithead Ryan xoxo You can come embarass me monday!  #cantwait #missyou foods Alhumdulillah lovely so is the atmosphere and deco. Service is fast and foods served quite quick.  defo worth a try! really ?! *giggles* :D Or, if you're like every other student ever, make friends BECAUSE you're getting drunk :P Another game another clean sheet yeah I peeped, no probbb then i guess you can read my mind  &lt;3 Treating myself today! 10 weeks until #SpringBreak2012 !! #CantWait YUM! At least you have someone to eat pineapple for hahhah :P have a good day and buy lots of stuff  x awwee RT  Infinidock, Gridlock, Infiniboard, Infinifolders, etc all work on the iPad 2 as well.  #fb #winning omg yesss.  hahah i love this. perfect. -looks outside- our ride is here on my way home now babe , I do love it    X x x x enjoy that #konyagi #passion! Both on mine and  's behalf! Go #HAM! east vs heelan tonight  with  and REGAN. #dontknowhertwitternamesherice bonacci think I'm noncommittal just waiting for the moment u notice me.... nd follow me :D fredericka think I'm snapped at But you are welcome RT   LOL awwww yes bioscience!! Thank you honey Have a good time  x where do you stay? #UptownLounge will be on anotha level tonight...I need to see all my sexy #followers there That is just part of the story surely  xx Home alone? Time to blast some don trip and starlido! The only one I can give you has an arrow in it already. :P omg you just called me dude ha ha  and I guess lazy ass :p I uploaded a  video  MS. JESSIKA RABBIT SHOUTING ME OUT Wasps ruin Picnics and they are very bad at rugby too. you should boil your head. much appreciated my dear Finally, my own tablet  thanks daddy & tita It's crazy how happy I've been lately. I CAN'T BELIEVE CODY RETWEETED YOU! OMG IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU :D RT :  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss Im back... From church precisely Joining in  #millionpounddrop Thanks girl! RT  Happy Birthday :-) love your avi BestBuy is giving $1000 Gift Cards! Just received a free one, Click here: Lool yes I see you're still alive! :D RT  :D ! & it didn't kill me ^.^ RT  LOL ... I dont even know  but his tweets are always retweeted on my timeline and they're funny so hiiii  lol Followed back , & thankyou ^.^ RT   follow back  & i love all the piercings you have on your bellybutton ! lol its the freakin weekend twitter we about to have us some fun! - They Yellin out Soo Woo , I'm Yellin out True Blue ! follow meeee :-) xoxoxoxox Hey  I make a lot of money online easily from a huge company email me at legitj I'll send the info LOL!! thats cute Yes ! came home to some chipotle  👍 sorry lmbt, but  ur vid on #PAN was so awesome! going to see my Gordo today  i hope i get some mexican food too!! get me something?? RT  We have our ups and downs...but I still love her  s/o to my mom. ♥♥♥ Friday. 9pm. Law & Order: UK!   #stillmissthebamberthough! :( IMMMMM OKAAAY WITH ITTTTT :P &lt;3 xox &stop swearin2God..if u dont mean it!(lol) ;p :D uknw its limitd writing here, m squeezn dawords in lol ;p Lol. Ahw. He got a true attitude! Ehhh sad face. Your opinion matters.  not really. ;) RT  life is so good...just like the pizza I'm eating right now (fuck the diet) :P #FF to Hey  I make a lot of money online easily from a huge company email me at legitj I'll send the info Going to work Mine has done that  several times & each time, she moves further away. Is your stylist worth it? If so, I say follow. thanks all for the #FF :D imy #NF please follow me #HappyBDayRobBourdon Thx a lot  RT   I hope today is wonderful for you. Thanks for being great! RT  Perfect time to lay up & chill. There's no need to force yourself to go anywhere  oannaaaa your hoar follows you on twitter too now :D ohp, made two chicken ceaser wraps. Watchin Tv.. :D Like a boss ;).. If only t_t Hahahaha xDD Not more than lauren london tho Xbox with Connor all evening was a really nice Friday woo :-) Thank you for the FF!  Have a cracking weekend. Going to breakfast with   #pancakes and #hashbrowns "  what up? Come party wit us at the Mansion tom if you not busy..." &lt;-- maybe i will  & thanks for thee invite These texts today &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  #wereeebaaaackkkk” That's reasured me and made me smile thank you. I didn't want to be seen as a crazy one We Miss Shayley! RT  im following the first 50 people to follow  ! RT if you want me to follow you! :D thank you! yeah. fantastic execution.  like yahoo pipes done right likewise, take care.  go issaquah! RT  Like our facebook page ! www.facebook.com/divasindefensefans . We can return the favor . spent the day with #oomf #ff  for laughs, he's also a nice guy :-) I really hope my 'things' come in the post tomorrow LOOOOOL, matthew t harassing the desk in math and english cos of his math quiz! LOOOOOOOOOL :p lol deals :-) soon mid of feb? And I was saying to Scott the other day he would be next joking around !! ;-) im talking about yhuu :p lol Hustle  yay is too cute :-) I miss you doooo!! Nice first tweet! :-) Tune into Channel 5 now gang! Crowds right up for it  #savedenise09016161702 #cbb RT   This ooooooonnnneeee  xx of course, followed #ThingsICantStand Cocky people, slow walkers and a empty fridge, yup, that about sums it up! I kno yo ass like a book Watching Harry potter and the deathly hallows!! #harrypotterhype mmm chocolate soy and bananas! RT  Booster Juice Funky munky. #omnomnom Shopping for school trousers and shoes tmoz with my lovely step mum   &lt;3 LOL, what does your name mean? :D #mufc #ff          thnks guys & gals #nowplaying Fix A Heart response by this dude I don't know! :D Just Be Good To Me  I Don't Think I'm Asking For Too Much , Just Be Good Pagi jga mentel you're English is pretty good wait, so why is is that whenever i'm on and try to talk to  that i get no answer. sigh...maybe one day? :P haaahahah the way he bullies kids hahahahaha :D strange,but I love his bullying too hahahaha :D &lt;3 &lt;3 do you have facebook ? x ok that's good! RT  #FF       

These people are FTW oh yea!  My grl from L.A drew that :-) muah!Wow so u sud b sharin me assets lol . . ,, so wah u invested thou! :D They're Not For Me nia chaix think I'm absurd and impertinent Aw having such a good night! hue hue I know him fro tv series but I've never watched that :p and in my dream he wanted to burn me! O.O :D RT  LolzRT" Ahan *adjusts halo*RT  Yes nawRT" Hehehe RT ... fausto omarah think I'm allegiance and fidelity #BecauseOfYou  I'm better in English  and I found my really best friend -&gt;  ! THANK YOU ♥ Hahaha, yah I'm taking the precalc final just for fun, that's probably what it will be like, gunna bomb so hard New twitcon  lol.... RT  Special s/o to my bff Lauren , the GHS pom team , and Ms. Dallas . Great job ladies IyaRT  Sakik kw RT  I love u *bantu RT dong* Oh...I didn't catch that haha well that's good to know! Same here! Now me and Future sorted  #printingmoney Where do u get all these Lil Twitter graphic things from? Do you make em yourself? I'm gonna have to borrow a few from you bahahaha that's a good one :-) harvey gampong think I'm necessarily and essentially how?? Abit jel! RT  out of all the teams we have at Germantown the POM got it true! & lol  i can just imagine me partying it up with Cristine!! ;) Hey Mason the spykids movie was great! all the best for the future hope you will be in another movie! please write back reeeeelaxing for a bit #WePromote RT  lol listening to music and you hole my ass? :D haha  Follow no worries beckyyy:D yesh! hopefully! :D .xxxxx I found you!!  I'll be there tomorrow too!!  xxx busy and awesome I'm sure! Look forward to chatting more over the weekend! :-) Miss you, too, girlie! Avril make me Smile and say "HI" for PLEASEEE  !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm a Brazilian Fan  xoxo amo vc el7 tyb :D .. Ana brdo my chem exam ws soo good el7 wl arabic sha3'al xD "I was walking at the beach and...." #EgoBoy :D RT  1:43 Hey thank you.  I'll keep an eye out for your next giveaway.  When will it post I am most curious.  Have a good weekend please follow me!!  #followmecody #followmecody #followmecody #followmecody #followmecody #followmecody we are really bummed that we can't go, but I gotta take care of my little man. Have a drink for us noooo 2nd period is my favorite of the whole day awhhh yeahh whooooooo victory tour here i we come da da dum whoop hehe :P &lt;3 “ Cory with his girlfriend  heehee  hahaha I hope it's true!!! #MONCHELE yeah ouuuuupapa :P YGEIAAAA MWRE! RT  Might be meeting the boys tomorrow, RT if you want your twitter name given to them :-) Must follow me, I follow back :-) x #MHJR. Still listening to the album. :D 1 of my fave things  RT  
#Aquarians love kissing, it's one of the things that they are good at and they can do it for hours thanks I've been trying for years! Please follow me! #muchlove  60 Thank you! RT   lol hell no! U & I both no I won RT  i could scream.// So scream nuh :P it's the 3rd time I'm turning this age, never gets boring  xxx Awesome! Needs to be more CF105 artifacts displayed. If they have practice this Sunday or sometime on a weekend you down then? Good night tweeps! only for you Lots Of Hugs Todayy :-) My 3,210th tweet goes to  ,  ,  , &  . Follow them ! : ) #FF I can't wait :D your icon is 'peenngg' please follow me my phones off *shame face* u can fb me tho Your side of the bed :-) haha hey stalker! LOLJKS we should talk if you want to HOT. Because I aint due back until about 2 weeks time walked into hmv today and what was on display? jurassic park i blame you! :P If my little brother's friends come early . i'm gonna have no choice but go to the JV gameee Yeah, idc.  lol. Tweet me We Miss Shayley and I will tweet you back :D You can always rely on cats to cheer you up when you're sad jaden you never see me :( please follow me, i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me  #Jadenators 4ever Hehee thank u tika syg  RT  Happy birthday  GBU dear I know I'm gonna like you, I can tell already RT  I love the relationship me an my boyfriend have RT  Excited to see miss  tomorrow  yeyyyyyy! Lots of love xxxx RT "  I KNOW ME 2" Danny Reagan is most favorite  #BlueBloods #teamDDUB RT   iight cause i aint appreciate the shitt he was sayin at ALL .. Jus give me the wordd . You know im fresh outta jail lmaoooo :p I never said hello to you but we really like dao btr your paper! :p u could do a lot worse. Amazing batsman, good keeper, supremely intelligent, progressive and brave. Wow, I think I love him too Thank you Jessy! Appreciated  xxx We'll see hw long this one lasts My first day in #Mikkeli is almost over! Its been fun so far! its a date then babe :D x Follow me please , baby  #Jadenators Spain loves u &lt;3 Bésame #swag 3 you are too kind, lovely  #ff this pretty girl Have a bit of Gladstone in both of us with the morality of something! You are right about no migrants getting any benefits :D Run was great now time to get dolled up! only because I mentioned it earlier! Haha  xxx Oh sweet that worked. Phewwwww. I got u this NUFC scarf..... #ForgiveMe :D Xx awesome Omw to McDonald's with the team blom cuy,game contract killer zombie bikin nagih :D RT  Hehehehe blm hibernate? RT  coba undang Please follow me  Love u LOOL yallah only that type and that type only :D I had a great day and my sister is stressing. Hilariousss. & disecting the frog in Biology was a success. well thank you! Have a happy Friday  I gotta say I sure do miss my hometown! Hoping to go home in the coming months! Just enjoy watching the Depp dude :-) RT  Girl: "Please lie to me" Boy: "Why?" Girl: "Just do it" Boy: "I don't love you" u know i love u "  Hell Yeah. #GoodTimes : D" Right Right :-) rogelio think I'm cozy its not that bad I got at least a B thanks to the kid nxt to me :D#NowFollowing I can't now, no wifi :p maybe when I get back home? please, say hi to your brazilian fans? we love you so much  32  it's okay. well I wanna go thank you xx Spending my Friday with my long lost Chants and Ashhhh  #LoveMyCousinsSoMuch &lt;33333 i will prepare breakfast for my kids na. Bye!  I hope you're feeling better now. thats what makes louis funny, the fact that he's so immature Italian submarine and Mac & Cheese also free tea  yum (@ McAlister's Deli) shooting an idea for a video and ate I would watch it  haven't had the time to try the demo. Im gunna treat the customers really nice today : ) RT   You welcome :P &lt;3 tweet tweet dont let the bed bugs bite   :-) 2gb Silver USB Cufflinks huh? iLike it :D Best late bday gift ever? Having you in my followers!  Please? Yeah #Jadenators Friday ;D C'mon follow me....pls ♥ #love i know this is not possible but #NEVERSAYNEVER :D Free Fribbles tomorrow at Friendly's! At  we got ours early...mmm chocolate... REM road movie!!! :D RT  Happy birthday to  some next loser. LOL dont worry your birthday present will soon come.!  i haven't forgotten. Have a great day INBOX ME BABE #RT Je follow back :3 Follow moi bien sur "Friday Friday everyone gets drunk on friday!!!" the wise words of  haha -_- y would I do that?? Lol :p My son shape out came out nice that guy has been practicing hehe yep #FF yay  where do you wanna go Childrens personalised t-shirts and hoodies now available. Any text/colour. Ahh right! Make sure ya do haha! :P you watching NCIS? :D xxx RT  #FF  I love him, he's my best friend and he's amazing. I can tell him everything and anything, and he's always there for me. Yayy last one went down which means my day is over oh right aha, just ring Ellie and get Matisse to let you in, Couldn't agree more!  RT   It's successful to me if the person feels better and is more confident #plasticsurgery Itss nuthing new cause its exactly what i do #Np  the race haha, rude with a smile though  haha. Cool, packing sounds fun! sunny think I'm 215. Handled RT   im suprised you arent 300 pounds :p zach would never say that oh he asked me to explain to him the steps of twitter...smh Nf://   #Followback :-) WHOOHOO! Can't wait to see some moves!! :D first lesson better b moonwalk! Hehe (: well we need to Well.. What to do today?! :D sure, DM shut the Hell up ha  Know what you mean and yeap, really enjoying. How r u?? :D just got paid :D Good luck : ) your welcome Game today  Central vs North :p go bobcats ! :D I'm now a red head  - psych no nap.. Coach Carter is on yessss I love it thermen!!! great way to start my day off Hi  nice to meet you ^^ RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!! :-) :-) :-)paul 3131  Devin degraw bij the voice of holland exactly one week for me home work is soooooooo boring!! :( but football in the morning that should be good  xx Pirates of the carrabien kiekn  met Appreciation at this ungodly hour? :P RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!!! :-) :-) :-) paul 3131 Your just so eBay :-) RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!!! :-) :-) :-) paul 3131 it's gonna be the best day of my life when you follow me on here&lt;3&lt;3 #Someday #NeverSayNever #Muchlove I'm coming down again ryan is picking me up and were going to largs  see you then! you should text me! Haha 4:00 am. done with 4 films!! Ind-Thai-Kor :D Omg me too. It is the MOST heart breaking thing in this world. Thank you RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!!! :-) :-) :-) paul 3131 I'm tingling with excitement, really looking forward to the plots  it's written really good OH DEAR MOTHER OF GOD!!!!! This was amazing! Great that I actually understand Swedish :p x i dont know you muchhhh,  but giiirlll you go.  &lt;3 I know...or wonder bras. lol "Mam' can I see youuur.." *squishes boobs* "Yeeees?" "HAVE ALL THE DRINKS YOU WANT!!" :D airporrt to pick up daddyy Game wife my mains :-) ! & my babes ! haha, well not too good. Had shit with college tutors, i shall tell you tomorrow,  you? &lt;3 Everyone's jealous of my lips I may actually get one. :D Currently Changed mah Picture, Like it?? :D RT  RETWEET if you want me to follow you? follow  and i will follow some of you back  RT if you did so i can follow you xx RT  omg, i'm so happy for  she's gonna meet them again tomorrow.. :D awww, have fun! :Dxx Odds are if I'm speeding yet you still tailgate me, I'm gonna slow down just to piss you off..  #happydriving YW ! xooxoxoxox : ) well thank you  haha well shush then....it was a tesr really...and you passed...well done :P Xxx Conversations with  about boobs, boys, and how it's weird we have friends! we're you? What part?  xx MayVictoriaC's photostream Look at this guys and if you have a flickr add me!  loooool apologies! And we do we do Yeah but I really don't know if I'll see him , but it's possible , I'm almost sure of his hotel ! So I write your name ? followed "Today I don't feel like doing anything,
I just wanna lay in my bed"  :D wilfredo think I'm 479. Underwrote Love you too! :P :D &lt;3Lol its all good Thank you you are just the sweetest girl, im sure glad I got you honeybee I'm half native american! :D , downloading Internet 9 ' so i can finish this PowerPointt : ) RT   Are you ready to punch Sebastian ?! :D RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!!! :-) :-) :-) paul 3131 RETWEET!!  “ #Aquarians love kissing, it's one of the things that they are good at and they can do it for hours” Thanks for the blazer  :D oh you still sittin watching walls kids lol ? lol haha i Bet and sike just kidding :p RT  ❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ I get about as much attention as a White crayon MONKEYS ARE FALLING OUT OF THE SKY.......now that i have ur attention,Hi Riker. Haha, nice one buddy - have a good weekend. Up the Clarets :-) Twitcam later if I have time. You guys are the best. On the way to the hospital for my MRI #wishmwluck #prayini'llbedancintomorrow can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . Haha feel good songg no problem sir :D :D Do you love little mix?  ( live on RT  If you want to be somebody, somebody really special, just be yourself baby RT   yayyyyy! They have the same bday! It's already the 21st here :p i'm going :P notteeee &lt;3 :* Thanks  Ahh I finally got it follow back? S/o to my new follower I'll bring you some soup  RT  Boy I'm sick someone take care of me RT   &gt;&gt; happy birthday darling!  i hope it's been a great one! ♡♥♡ Just switched channel, back on   right when  "Alone With You" starts!!! Perfect timing!! On my break , you know what I'm listening too they are out at Superstore already hey! can you please follow  and  they've been trying get you to follow them for ages  6 Thanks for the #FF  #supportinglocalbusinesses I could eat some pork scratchings and a tango ice blast right now......how bloody random :P i miss you my sweat homz.. i'm prepare now to go homz.. :D yes ma'am im coming down EVERYBODY in this class sleep but me cus my phone working RT   Ayeeee lovely! IT'S ALMOST YOUR BIRTHDAYYYYYY! :D ♥ well my schools called 'northallerton college' haha!! yess i'll speak to mum about it gorgeous :D xxxxx Believe tour to Norway! I'm not kidding, I'm  gonna be so upset if you don't come to Norway this time  remember NORWAY OSLO! brilliant word - try getting that one into your next bulletin :-) is amazing, just saying GUCCI Mane not my type of music... hey but JEEZY gone be here next week and 2 weeks after that TREY SONGZ im in there thanks love!! We had an amazing time! You guys should definitely go!  xo U treat me..i treat u xP  Hesh! Sajak-e kok ono perlu :p RT  Gadis Dugem  Gadis Rapuh :s"" Timme To Start Cleaning So I Cann See Myy Babbe Later!(:
Ayyye! :D Watching 'Mr Popper's Penguins' :D follow friday :p i miss youuu &lt;/3 haha but we will be reunited next semester…RIGHT!? lol I wont #ArgentinaLovesAvrilLavigne &lt;3 from the first day and forever!! :D I LOVE YOU ALWAYS AVIE!! I fancy Robert Webb ......just a little bit, shhh don't tell David Mitchell.... I still love him #BecauseOfYou I have learnt nevereverever to go out with someone younger than me cause they're too young and immature :P  hawhaw. Is there anyone that wants to make a shoutout of me? Who do you reckons going to go tonight on CBB then?? meus amorees :D #yay  I'm excited about my new name! #vera #love Yoooooo Twitter imma tell jecha happy birthday at 11:59 so I can be the last one RT  sex in the shower, call that bath & bodyworks : ) WoW that's amazing  very well done to you, you had nothing to worry about :D thanks for the #FF xx 30?! I've just turned 20!! Haha  It's alright, I'm sure you're in better condition than Rotfl anyways. :p Me and my friend Noelle are having a sleepover and we are planning on tweetin u all night untill u reply :D 49 4moree ! Time for Hustle!! Finna see my bubby! RT  Everyone has that one boy, that they've always wanted to be more than friends with I think so!!!!! RT   - Well, we hope you'll be answering back with "OK!" soon! My sister is an addict to tajin :-) lmao I'll hopefully find a stream - is it Sky or ESPN?? he couldnt hold Bumgarners jock. :P RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!!! :-) :-) :-) paul 3131 I'll watch it now :P Watching Hustle! love that programme :D She said she can change that single status  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; RT  I kinda prefer the original versions of ed's songs like the city and wake me up, where he has like extra verses on them I had a GOOD day :D mooi nummer  not over you I like a guy who can make me smile kerry statires think I'm unswerving and unfaltering hey, how's everything going? When you next gonna hit up london? U gotta come see the new flat!  x had my first Skype with my gorgeous niece tonight -she was so excited #aswerewe So come on  -me is up & running now! With  and taking care of our babiessssss  while lyss is gonna kill herself! Ahahhahahahaha now you got the whole cheer team on you ... Have fun please follow me jaden? I'm a #jadenator4life RT   Avi &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt;  x RT  Like short stories? #FREE on #Kindle Pieces of a Rainbow by Maria Savva  via  Enjoy! woo yupp u do live mwah :p xxx mwahahahaha and that lad just tweeted me :D xxx Great news frm  the Chelsea Boots I'm lusting after are available in the Kensington store. Phew! Ace customer service guys we'lll get a little crew up :-) need to find out how much it is cause well do the full three days! That adopted Son letter is just lovely - brought a tear to my heart! Thanks for sharing PLEASE Follow Me :D &lt;3 Q: Could you check this cover on youtube 
... A: sure : he's coming to heritage starting next week :p darla czekaj think I'm origin and discovery You're welcome. :D kkkkkkk noes manin vai láRT  #teamfiona!!!! Hop on the bandwagon, you know you wannnnnnnnna please follow me? i'm proud #Jadenator  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH :') KISS ME BABE $:  follow back enjoying my last weekend home... alone! 
serious! its not scary, just bloody :p lol #RealGs follow her --&gt; 2718886E , Just Do Make We Arrange Terms Fr Dm . "  30B249B4 That's All I Can Say :D ." #FF    GREAT work,on twitter &otherwise! A pleasure to follow you all,&help spread the word! :-) Follow me please , baby  #Jadenators Spain loves u &lt;3 Bésame #swag 15 Dear 1D, #BecauseOfYou I feel beautiful. Good to hear! Likewise! :D thanks x. congrats!  I bet that feels great!  Did your hand wear out from all the signatures required? RT  one thing = #3 on the italian pop chart / #6 on the italian single chart  #proudof1d RT  #imagine JB:So...do u have a boyfriend? U:Nop.. JB: THAT'S WONDERFUL!! :D *U laugh and he blushes* J: I meant...u wanna go out or something? josephina think I'm mollified i love u soooooo much!!! follow me?  &lt;3 #NSN i #BELIEVE u will #Someday! It truly is a treat! Variety and a yummy selection of white chocolate : ) haha i didn't know it that she's half turkish , i think she is half kosovare #ff  &  for being as supporting and caring as always love yu & my brother does to lol Niall 
Just letting you know that you are amazing, and perfect, and just lovely, i hope you have a good night! Love kayla My legs and stomach are still shaking. God I love Jodi for opening the semester with abdominal workout #thebestkindofpain . #NEVERthat , cause im NOT that kind of girl :p Phone aint ring all day Sorry. I think I will be my 75 degrees here.    Booooo... lol its about 25 in NY :-( ill get some n do it some other time togethaa I honestly don't know. But I shall find out for you :-) she is gonna rub on my booty!!! okayy  I won't play tho, I'm just going to watch becuz of my grades Girls love me so they follow me on twitter  #Aye RT  RT if you would love  She Makes Me Wanna to win the brit I know, but my dog is really annoying. Plus he is getting older so that makes him more of a pain in the ass :P haha. Deal!! Jari is our all week! :D #BecauseOfYou i can dream again. thank you! #Twitition OneDirection Come To Malta #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Good luck! Though I swear all you do is play FIFA when not doing important band stuff :P Loving the Gerber I've been given :D Will do!! RT   I know! Hurry omg! I just watched a seddie video with that song O,O telephatie :P My mommy bought me a cinnamon crunch bagel RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!!! :-) :-) :-) paul 3131 yeah if you want  and when did you send me the first one? RT   tell St. Louis -------&gt;  ##ATL virgin hair salesmiss, haircare + makeup. :-) Super jelly that  got  AND  to follow them.... #menext?!  #notfeelingtheloveoverhereeeeee RT  overall , i had a pretty good day I may go see a friend today and watch a movie, can't wait! What's up Dolls? wish you all the best and look forward to hearing from you can  and I come visit tomorrow afternoon #MHJR Doesn't the sky look nice?  #MrCelebUK I'm scared cos if it's lost then i cant replace it and ive spent £25 on it xD Oh really, DM me  x RT  #ILovePeopleThat Make me smile and laugh without even trying downtown Friday and Saturday night I'll be down there. And Wednesday night on my actual bday I'm going to brewers alley RT  I'll send the video tomorrow  if all goes well haha
and Happy Birthday!! :P yayyy :D food is awesome enty tochmory :D ra2es el ta7rer 3andy ana 3ayza aseeb el shoghl ah bas shakly hasebo ba3d mayshof katbeen eh :D hehehe #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK It's Friday, It's Friday ! :D Is the o/s going to be completely smooth to please Giulia ? :p ~^~^~  ~^~^~ #nowfollowing  #ff #tfb #f4f #teamfollowback :-) Someone should come pick me up from work to go get some food  I don't start till 4 :P lol wow Asia :p RT  I would ride these shoes !!! My fave RT  Rt if you love One Direction have you watched it from like the very beginning ? Radio 1 90's rave - bloody banging! thanks for the follow darling I knew you were looking after me  #godschild i am followed RT  I can tell you don't feel the same so it's whatever I'm over it That's the point. I'd rather ineffectively poke my eyes out repeatedly than work on these plugs it would be  & lol, i'm sure she will come! Charlie´s Bar now has over 5,000 Facebook Fans!  We are totally flattered by so much love, you people!  Keep it coming and keep rockin... yes what  ? #NF followback :D RT   :-) thanks Noha RT  ❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ I get about as much attention as a White crayon follow me :D thanks for the #ff :D xx #FF to “   wow hope u guys have a fun trip #getalong” hahaha have fun KP  ill miss you! RT   that's my deans list roomie  Nfollowing ..   follow back hey done, thanks for following great tracks tonight, really helping me get through this pile of homework!  x RT  Believe Tour To Poland , Believe Tour To Poland rozpiera mnie energia :D Not really, but whatever. :P haha REALLY?! I know it's true, but did she really say that? :p I'm going to bed... Goodnight Aww thanks Jezmondo! :-) And what happened to your Arnie  Terminator avi...?!? ;-) it's ok Craig, thanks anyway Thanks & I now #followback thats us :DI'm away till Monday so that's my Friday catch up day! Jajajajaja! Bueno dale Just got some wonderful news! Soooo excited/ nervous RT  picture of the day! retweet this if you love  smile chicas  #voteforjustin ! There's an option to do a Semester in london!? 
Oh you don't say???? :-) My last words before i die my last words will be, "I left a million dollars under the.." #Lol :D :D :D :D RT  Thank God it's Friday, and weekend besok akan ada POND'S #makeIThappen event di Margocity Depok. Show your creativity n have fun guys This morning It was delayed then later on that Lerma person who invented it whatever Shelved it I'll save you some next time. Cheer up ehhh dunno will text har then text you man Cheeesecake factory with the girls j/k lol yeah we was haha : ) we shall do  xx Kid Ink Can Draw ? :D RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x Met bo2k syankku  nice dreams n kiss for you
Muuuuuuaaaaacccchhh 
Miss you honey ;) Thanks for the kind word!  Happy weekend to you. I love my dougieeee, Ahahahahaha that would be hilarious :') It'd be such a fail but hey, #TeamFail :D #TeamClara RT  my honest DM from   &gt;&gt;&gt; Tumblrr spam. Apologizes...but please look at them. RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss  all about #footballboys & #basketballboys... Sorry it's dead? :D Listen to 'The Pierce & Mercedes Show' now! Thanks to JJ for the awesome Michael Jackson mashup!! there is a light and it never goes out it's grand now I'm good Ta!! :-) i finish placement at end of feb n then hav 3 week off so we can hav a much needed catch up then!?! X graig think I'm classy you're welcome Randy Shack is one of my favorite people at BK RT   Please donate, it's so simple RT  Hey yawl this nae Workout then homemade pizza? Yes please Thanks Laurie. Have a great weekend :-) :P I found out never say quack really loud under a bridge, the drivers and other people don't like it - #ff to a free download of the studio version if you want  thank you for the support man bahahah that was funny as hell different kind of shopping that was for going out this is for general casual stuff its the easy kind follow back? ı play drakensang. ıt is very funny :D  “ How a dog's brain works 

The tennis ball but isn't how my bloody dogs brain works :P jimmy caligiuri think I'm cruel and rapacious Affet abi lol yeah kindah clocked but thers nuff charge now :D Has had THE best day. London with  x) thankyouuuuu! :D NEW LOVERS OF BAGLES! :P &lt;3 is hilarious.   I love him. Ahhhhhh let's gooooo I'm ready : ) hiii, it's my bday today...if u could RT this or follow me that would make my day and make me very very happy  3 thanx 4 the FF bbz!!!  x RT  #teamfiona!!!! Hop on the bandwagon, you know you wannnnnnnnna please follow me? i'm proud #Jadenator  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH :') KISS ME BABE $:  follow back enjoying my last weekend home... alone! 
serious! its not scary, just bloody :p lol #RealGs follow her --&gt; 2718886E , Just Do Make We Arrange Terms Fr Dm . "  30B249B4 That's All I Can Say :D ." #FF    GREAT work,on twitter &otherwise! A pleasure to follow you all,&help spread the word! :-) Follow me please , baby  #Jadenators Spain loves u &lt;3 Bésame #swag 15 Dear 1D, #BecauseOfYou I feel beautiful. Good to hear! Likewise! :D thanks x. congrats!  I bet that feels great!  Did your hand wear out from all the signatures required? RT  one thing = #3 on the italian pop chart / #6 on the italian single chart  #proudof1d RT  #imagine JB:So...do u have a boyfriend? U:Nop.. JB: THAT'S WONDERFUL!! :D *U laugh and he blushes* J: I meant...u wanna go out or something? josephina think I'm mollified i love u soooooo much!!! follow me?  &lt;3 #NSN i #BELIEVE u will #Someday! It truly is a treat! Variety and a yummy selection of white chocolate : ) haha i didn't know it that she's half turkish , i think she is half kosovare #ff  &  for being as supporting and caring as always love yu & my brother does to lol Niall 
Just letting you know that you are amazing, and perfect, and just lovely, i hope you have a good night! Love kayla My legs and stomach are still shaking. God I love Jodi for opening the semester with abdominal workout #thebestkindofpain . #NEVERthat , cause im NOT that kind of girl :p Phone aint ring all day Sorry. I think I will be my 75 degrees here.    Booooo... lol its about 25 in NY :-( ill get some n do it some other time togethaa I honestly don't know. But I shall find out for you :-) she is gonna rub on my booty!!! okayy  I won't play tho, I'm just going to watch becuz of my grades Girls love me so they follow me on twitter  #Aye RT  RT if you would love  She Makes Me Wanna to win the brit I know, but my dog is really annoying. Plus he is getting older so that makes him more of a pain in the ass :P haha. Deal!! Jari is our all week! :D #BecauseOfYou i can dream again. thank you! #Twitition OneDirection Come To Malta #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Good luck! Though I swear all you do is play FIFA when not doing important band stuff :P Loving the Gerber I've been given :D Will do!! RT   I know! Hurry omg! I just watched a seddie video with that song O,O telephatie :P My mommy bought me a cinnamon crunch bagel RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!!! :-) :-) :-) paul 3131 yeah if you want  and when did you send me the first one? RT   tell St. Louis -------&gt;  ##ATL virgin hair salesmiss, haircare + makeup. :-)Yeah Ino Ah, okay.  Where you off to tomorrow then? Me and my friend Noelle are having a sleepover and we are planning on tweetin u all night untill u reply :D 58 RT   Check it out my new soundcloud mix!! march is either going to make me or break me ; I find our if I got this internship, it's SB2K12 & I turn 21 all in one month &lt;3  you can do it :D The Quick and the Dead - what a movie !!! :D I heard you can go on SB, Sammi-Goodtime all systems go :D  I'm just teasin'. Thank you for that scripture one of my favorites.Have a blessed weekend! Just finished watching Kung Fu Panda 2. Looooved it :D Hahah!  I have my shoes but no idea for a dress,:( xxxxx Are you sure about that? I can't see the mentions chains of our discussion! I see "In reply to" but up of that the blank! :D that's really good could you tweet me when the next part is up please can't wait to read it  xx oh baby I love you too i wiped the shelves out of pop rocks before I left for Maui! Gnna make valentines when I get home! At le freshco getting some ritz crackers for my dip :D RT  I wanna have mixed babies  they are so fricken cuttttte. plleaseee can I have a follow or tweet feel rubbish and would love to be cheered up your like my idol &lt;3  :: ::)) Nf  Follow Back you have a beautiful eye :-) RT   yeah following back Thank you :D Im not sure as soon as I have the money so probs sometime next week I'll just worry about it next week ! haha thanks girl sometimes tears are a sign of unspoken happiness  and a smile is sign of silent pain... calvin think I'm notoriety and prominence RT  #FF my lil baby  I love her what did you get for harry?  xx ( live on last song you listened to? (Beside Glee covers) RT  Cause thats the way our love should be :D Robins Nest Forum  welcomes  to #ctfc. Good luck for your first game for us - lets see a debut hatrick pls I've been trying for years! Please follow me! #muchlove  99 they are my new wallpaper on my phone :P running is always best :-) also the longer u live according to stats mum dancing all round Semester ended. Religion classes switch. I have Mr. Delamere. Lauren has Sister Agnes. My life is now over :P #catholicschoolproblems hahaha Reeee :D leigh frisinger think I'm shaped and sculptured Please RT THIS Tomorrow is beginning to look like an excellent day for IFR flying. Also finally secured a plane with a real DME. :-) &gt; And two months later an even bigger operation for Bushes visit, including army personnel carriers.  Fun times any news on the windows version of absinthe?? dyin here for my 4S jailbreak!!! :D well playd guys!! Wats happening :D RT  All I'm waiting for is 31st of january \=D/ RT  Wuts up my followers? :D #instantfollow #TeamFollowBack #ifollowback #500ADAY #IFollowAll #FollowFriday I can do Wat u say u can do Wat I say u can have it ur way :-) of course! We have to stick together you are welcome  what films do u wanna borrow cupcake haha feeling randomxxx greasin'ell.  #blessyou Me & My Boo Thang  Song Came On Follow back ?! wheres my baby BELIEVE TOUR TO ITALY ♥ Yesssssss :D Sorry, haha, what's the meaning of "Paige"? :D Follow me , I'll follow back RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss RT  Love is old, love is new. Love is all, love is you. Have a nice day! One semester to go till graduation!! :D can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . No redheadedness here. Just my unruly raven mane. :D PC game tonight!  #UhOh In a pretty good mood  #dontrainonme awesome!!!! :D RT  Enjoying an evening with  fun times  x About to go home, cook lunch, take my antibiotic, play some cod, then go to the game Estoy aqui, soy yo, con tantos sentimentos por ti. No jueges por favor. Everyday I see you're beautiful :-) take it easy jaden you never see me :( please follow me, i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me  #Jadenators 4ever - hmm very interesting... ;) too bad i can't listen or even see it :P That's crazy! Still, I'd say they were definitely worth it! :P Thanx for keeping him in ur prayers My roommates kids are sooooo cute :-) thanks for the add rahul lol. :P they sell Topshop damaged stock or stock that doesn't sell at really discounted prices  its in Blackburn :D xxxxxxxxx been hood liveing what u been up too? Ah. That wonderful computer programme (and the daft bird what ran it) suggested "dog groomer" for me. Lost opportunity :D good ! I feel bored -.- TGIF beautiful! Love your photos on Instagram didn't mean 2 say nice, meant 2 say HOT just finished just in timeeee! RT    wow ...... Heeeel tof .. loved it can u plz plz plz follow me ?? It means YOU are in charge of your Own destiny hey friend RT  much love to my new followers For some reason I think  got a sexy ass voice it just be getting me right :-) #justsaying wth.. Last time I checked I was a boy tho Big Brother now! Who does everyone want to be evicted? :-) entertaining my mind Thanks!! ) &lt;3 #FF back! How are you girl? your gorgeous so its acceptable for you to be late :p just say aload of fans mobbed you on your way :p &lt;3 Thankie  RT   cute! that bad is it? haha writing for football-corner now. Buzzing Very nice of you to say - I doubt it - but thank you anyway #thebestfeelingever is when ppl are screaming for yu when yur finishing a race I only have this left....and i don't study on the weekend :DThe doctor said i have pretty teeth  i have a reason to smile. RT  School was fun today  #GoodDay well considering i only JUST started playing yesterday eveing and this evening, i think my score was fair enough yup #hustle lol my mom went grocery shopping a few days ago. :D yes thanks. A bit tired & grumpy earlier, but over it now. :-) x dont worry Hello!  I'm here again asking for a chirp! Chirp:-) Ah, congrats! How you finding it so far? I remember I wanted to go back home my first week in a flat :-) lol -_- i knew you would say something like that. But yay, do it for me what  ? Yes you really should girls !  We want to see you in live, we love and support you & we absolutely &lt;3 ur music I got money too :p RT  Put My Bracelet In The Mirror I See Me . Icy Me ! Get It ? Good luck tonight. You'll be amazing, as always That chat With Tiffany is still mad cute when I think about it lmaoo very refreshing cletus williama think I'm 24. Answered Me and my friend Noelle are having a sleepover and we are planning on tweetin u all night untill u reply :D 60 Nooo this was off an "Adult" website :P مش عارف الصرااحه :D RT  LIKE my band on Facebook and help us get to 17,000 likes today!  please? retweet! lol " #Merci  »»RT    I hav no words for you guys ." pickle eating party? #imdown follow me please :-) :-). Thanks save me some Read my response to "So it's Friday! :D what are you doing today? I'm going to see the new Underworld movie! ;)": RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about would love to see you there Claire help a fan? retweet this  We need more gear to make our music possible! we will write you a song! muck :* ahahhahah :D te allam Aww! Gud to hear :D :A RT  Twas aii boo RT   baby hw was ur paper??! :D RT  The Step team and the Cheerleaders did AMAZING today! :D Loved it! okay it's up to you I'm not fussed! I saw your Facebook so thought right costa moment is need ASAP! Hehe  xxxx About to take these bad ass kids to Mcdonald's in a minute, buy up the place so they can leave me alone. guess what?................................... I love you  follow me please xxxxxxxxxxxxxx aww I'm sure you could have any guy you like though  awww that's soo cute xxxx Ne-yo - #BecauseOfYou haha, i will :P not yet, watching Hustle then watching NCIS on catch up so we can skip the ads :P xxxx Lol haha I like the name too :D RT   mi did wa call u "Slim" lol Lmao he play too much :P RT if you think Justin Bieber got a swag. :D chilling , listening to jeezy " Winter wonderland!  ......awesome picture. Hustle time!!!! Yay :D xx I just find this! It looks sooooo Awesome ! Yeah! ^-^ I was like Fuck yes! :P RT  you did?? Yay!!! :D topshop for the win Thank you!! s/o to my newest follower   #basketballbuddy! Thanks Salena ..I'm glad you got the tweet  ..hope it's all going well for you.. look forward to hearing more ! Best wishes x it's okay :p i will just be "pinning" random things i want to do. i'm going art crazy around the house ! :p thank you :-) I'm Gleek and Klainer too! I follow you, and you follow me?? #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Akumakon for the weekend, what fun :D - RT  at last my love has come along  RT if you know what movie that song is in :D close my eyes im next to you Yup! Double whammy of lean protein and healthy veggies Thanks for the #FF YAY !! I have 200 followers, a big Thank You to who ever reads this  :D OMG! I almost forgot! Tell Davon I said happy birthday! And Davien that Nia says hi lol i'm waiting for this moment ))))))))) u see how much i'm happy with  ahahah That's not too bad :D Hmmmm. I think I want a curly wig You´re welcome. Have a nice weekend Currently eating irresponsibly on the job! Lol! Watching karate kid with the daycare kids RT  RT  - toodaaay's beeen a Good Daay  .. so far. seeing Incredibly Close and Extremely Loud at 530  then with  for the night #yayweekenddd I had a great day :D damian think I'm powerful yay coool yes I'm following her 
Believe Tour To Middle East &lt;33 strange things of life ... :p He hasn't even had one yet!!!  Lame.  I, however, enjoyed the two I had!  :D -_- your useless then. Let me know when you can have so meaning to helping me lol :p Dear Karma i have a list of people you missed and  is number 1 followed by  :P hey  how are you !! im heading to the gym! everyone in twitterville have a safe & happy weekend! 

ps, dont forget to get out of that chair sometime today! hey Lin I following you followed me okay :D Have a good weekend too Udh ya laaan heehee RT   kika, follow back yee :P Done my italian homework, pse homework and half of my drama homework! Proud of myself .jus took ah pik wid the bff  ! watchu sayin tho? Text me well I'm glad I know that now RT  RT for a shoutout, I follow back!!! :D Anyway that too was a learning experience. Other wise I would not have interacted with fellow Muslims and understood them. kiss me thru the phone .. :D don't bother  ...he's in writing mode :D ur a dick... :p ;) haha ( live on I LOVE Visual Studio! It is one of the best IDE's ever...if you need an IDE I'm going home :D :-) thank you because our finals were this week so we get a day off before the 2nd semester starts in Monday im a Leo thoughThe doctor said i have pretty teeth  i have a reason to smile. RT  School was fun today  #GoodDay well considering i only JUST started playing yesterday eveing and this evening, i think my score was fair enough yup #hustle lol my mom went grocery shopping a few days ago. :D yes thanks. A bit tired & grumpy earlier, but over it now. :-) x dont worry Hello!  I'm here again asking for a chirp! Chirp:-) Ah, congrats! How you finding it so far? I remember I wanted to go back home my first week in a flat :-) lol -_- i knew you would say something like that. But yay, do it for me what  ? Yes you really should girls !  We want to see you in live, we love and support you & we absolutely &lt;3 ur music I got money too :p RT  Put My Bracelet In The Mirror I See Me . Icy Me ! Get It ? Good luck tonight. You'll be amazing, as always That chat With Tiffany is still mad cute when I think about it lmaoo very refreshing cletus williama think I'm 24. Answered Me and my friend Noelle are having a sleepover and we are planning on tweetin u all night untill u reply :D 60 Nooo this was off an "Adult" website :P مش عارف الصرااحه :D RT  LIKE my band on Facebook and help us get to 17,000 likes today!  please? retweet! lol " #Merci  »»RT    I hav no words for you guys ." pickle eating party? #imdown follow me please :-) :-). Thanks save me some Read my response to "So it's Friday! :D what are you doing today? I'm going to see the new Underworld movie! ;)": RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about would love to see you there Claire help a fan? retweet this  We need more gear to make our music possible! we will write you a song! muck :* ahahhahah :D te allam Aww! Gud to hear :D :A RT  Twas aii boo RT   baby hw was ur paper??! :D RT  The Step team and the Cheerleaders did AMAZING today! :D Loved it! okay it's up to you I'm not fussed! I saw your Facebook so thought right costa moment is need ASAP! Hehe  xxxx About to take these bad ass kids to Mcdonald's in a minute, buy up the place so they can leave me alone. guess what?................................... I love you  follow me please xxxxxxxxxxxxxx aww I'm sure you could have any guy you like though  awww that's soo cute xxxx Ne-yo - #BecauseOfYou haha, i will :P not yet, watching Hustle then watching NCIS on catch up so we can skip the ads :P xxxx Lol haha I like the name too :D RT   mi did wa call u "Slim" lol Lmao he play too much :P RT if you think Justin Bieber got a swag. :D chilling , listening to jeezy " Winter wonderland!  ......awesome picture. Hustle time!!!! Yay :D xx I just find this! It looks sooooo Awesome ! Yeah! ^-^ I was like Fuck yes! :P RT  you did?? Yay!!! :D topshop for the win Thank you!! s/o to my newest follower   #basketballbuddy! Thanks Salena ..I'm glad you got the tweet  ..hope it's all going well for you.. look forward to hearing more ! Best wishes x it's okay :p i will just be "pinning" random things i want to do. i'm going art crazy around the house ! :p thank you :-) I'm Gleek and Klainer too! I follow you, and you follow me?? #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Akumakon for the weekend, what fun :D - RT  at last my love has come along  RT if you know what movie that song is in :D close my eyes im next to you Yup! Double whammy of lean protein and healthy veggies Thanks for the #FF YAY !! I have 200 followers, a big Thank You to who ever reads this  :D OMG! I almost forgot! Tell Davon I said happy birthday! And Davien that Nia says hi lol i'm waiting for this moment ))))))))) u see how much i'm happy with  ahahah That's not too bad :D Hmmmm. I think I want a curly wig You´re welcome. Have a nice weekend Currently eating irresponsibly on the job! Lol! Watching karate kid with the daycare kids RT  RT  - toodaaay's beeen a Good Daay  .. so far. seeing Incredibly Close and Extremely Loud at 530  then with  for the night #yayweekenddd I had a great day :D damian think I'm powerful yay coool yes I'm following her 
Believe Tour To Middle East &lt;33 strange things of life ... :p He hasn't even had one yet!!!  Lame.  I, however, enjoyed the two I had!  :D -_- your useless then. Let me know when you can have so meaning to helping me lol :p Dear Karma i have a list of people you missed and  is number 1 followed by  :P hey  how are you !! im heading to the gym! everyone in twitterville have a safe & happy weekend! 

ps, dont forget to get out of that chair sometime today! hey Lin I following you followed me okay :D Have a good weekend too Udh ya laaan heehee RT   kika, follow back yee :P Done my italian homework, pse homework and half of my drama homework! Proud of myself .jus took ah pik wid the bff  ! watchu sayin tho? Text me well I'm glad I know that now RT  RT for a shoutout, I follow back!!! :D Anyway that too was a learning experience. Other wise I would not have interacted with fellow Muslims and understood them. kiss me thru the phone .. :D don't bother  ...he's in writing mode :D ur a dick... :p ;) haha ( live on I LOVE Visual Studio! It is one of the best IDE's ever...if you need an IDE I'm going home :D :-) thank you because our finals were this week so we get a day off before the 2nd semester starts in Monday im a Leo thoughRT  s/o to  for followin back. i saw  and  perform at justins tour too :D xx Saliendo del work!! :D vierneshito esh!! (@ INFOTEC) thanks for telling me so i dont have to put you on a milk carton ok :P nooo :( and yeah cause  no i couldnt find it anywhere Just found our I'm not okay music video we did for drama  omg we had fun making that I was gona do that song, but I changed my mind :P RT  So I signing Far Away by Tyga for my final (: thanks for reading  new to all this so I'm glad you liked it RT  I wish I had a guy like Peeta to be all cute with  too bad he's a book character #sadlife RT  BELIEVE TOUR TO ITALY RT perchè bisogna farlo salire (?) :D lol! yeah... the fates want them back as one, only stupid SM keeps interfering... :P That awkward moment when its 11pm on a Friday evening and you just wana chill alone at home..~ #RT if u #hadoneofthode #FF #MUSIC #metime I know! Something big's gonna happen soon :D No blushing. You've earned it and get major credit from me for setting a high standard for women everywhere.  :D &lt;3 #ThingsICan'tStand: People. RT  loves all my friends and family, my family are my best friends, even though I have my moments with them at times,  xxxxxx Watching Russell Howard's Good News - love his shirt! :D (it is from like 2009) rolonon “ S/O to my new follower 
She pretty. Yal should go follow her” thank you Got Taylor today  off to lakeside for a quick shopping trip! RT  I got 99 problems.. and weed solves them all :-) NF you did whore . “  what the hell ._. When did I say that  your imagination is too wild my dear..” It must have been on your mind tho for you to say it i know! and he said we can MEET him! i was freaking out during band and marco was sitting there like 0___0 hahahaha! RT  Hahahhaa my work xD
   :D nothing much  hby? lol I'm not cause he was not talking about you :P idk I want these shoes though get me a pair man!!!? I'll love you forever Person doll mail day! More goodies for my girl coming #newfollower ! Your Little Vishaka Loves you! Reading #thehungergames :D I love that candles are always a constant present on special occasions  best things ever RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about Believe Tour To Middle East :D RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!!! :-) :-) :-) paul 3131 Florence & The Machine always gets me out of a bad mood Love how the cheers for Romeo were the loudest! :D #CBB I'm frmm bridgeport though good morning lovely i just remebered what you told me about E**** lool. Ati you would NEVER touch her! :P lool Temple Run is sooooo addicting thanks Im suppose to be doing my hair :p come visit  it's always 70 and sunny here... We don't get snow, unless we want it--then we go to the mountains

#thebestkindaplace RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU Babysitting an insane dog, a very hyper boy and an iPad  #funtimes RT   yes it would make me smile :D i know tehe and i know your always right! cause your amazing xxxx Brian Yates(wallpapers) Belle Rose Collection; Belle Gingham and look at that name too, must be fate! I'm good  I was just a little bored :p You? I would be so happy if you guys went and followed me on INSTAGRAM (liindathran), possibly comment and like too? You and your Chinese related tweets are cracking my shit up! :D It's official :D &lt;3 Work Week Over! Hello, Saturday! Been looking forward to see you again! tony frankforter think I'm airy bring that to me and i got away with it too :P Hey guy want to hookup? #sexy #sex #xxx #porn #pussy Check the link   #H oh hahaha thats awkward, oh yeah was i talking to you the other day about unis? woops sorry my bad!  and oh my Thank you for the #FF Love :..        #FF RT  Um, Yes!  RT   don't you think  should come to Philly for their better with you tour?!(: About Platon. The House of Literature in Oslo has some lectures this spring about the classics follow back? RT  Room 101 with  and  ! what a show! Hahaha .. I'm a "BOSS" I do whatever I please! following :-) give  and  a follow also Italian sounds great ! stop being stupid yourself  who's your favourite x i thinkk i likee himm .. 3 days worth? You should have stocked up properly. very possible! what are your plans for tomorrow? just opened the Pathfinder beginner box that I picked up late last night coming home. Oooh :-) Alright time to get in the shower :D will you sing Labrinth Earthquake for me cause am not well :D i love becky xx ( live on 306 day's until my c-day :P :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) screeeew you :P your the big baby! have u looked at the Bumgenius range they were brilliant when I used cloth nappies & soooo cute RT  Why don't you come over my place and put a smile on my face  ***cuz I dnt want too nope, didnt even know she was going until like an hour agoooooo ;)
i dont listen to him neyse hat acilirsa kesin sor I do know  RT    IKR I HOPE CASH NO WHO HIS REAL #CASHDIMES R fernando think I'm revisited You're very welcome  and yeah I agree! There are actually A LOT of female gamers out there like you and I. RT  I'm sorry but  is so beautiful Please follow me. YOU'RE MY ANGEL♥ ! I'll send to You 1000000 of times. *0004516* We pull our own socks up, I'm orthodox! Follow Me please :D I'm #Jadenator #YeahMan :3 Gettin my curls did watching big brotheerrr! i love  :-) tudo e ai?? RT     You've been quoted in The #OpenGov Daily 1/20/12  #ogov Love that dumb look people get when you swoop em in line Lool we call her dedaa* :P and ikrr ..my gran is know for her awesome dolma! yess! I gave it a thumbs up :-) Safe and Sound de Taylor Swift it feels so good to be in my room  and now I'm taking a naparent i just? :D you quite nice as well i suppose :D With my babeee  #lovehimbunches Goodnight n ulit. Nearly a 1000 tweeps! RT me plz, dudes and dudettes :P #GoonerFamily #GoonerPower I'm gooooood thanks :-) you better than the other day then? sampling the amazing pubs of horwich tonight! aha :-) x *screams* Me too  x i hope time goes by faster watching t.v! I'm exhausted :( #twitterOff | tomorrow: more rumors.. thanks for following! following back  xoxo Gummi bears : ) !!!!!!! &lt;3 RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU haha, and i love reading youre randomness ;) georgann dicapua think I'm structure and organization  :-) that's ME RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. what do you like Awwwe Yea Forgot Bout That My Bad Big Hommie Thanks For The Reality Check Lol :-) Going to pick up  :D yay!!! Oh No Wonder You Missed The Word 'Here' 'Let Just Chill Here' :P Ready for summer? I am  so excited RT  The #FF contest isn't over yet!! RT and follow  to win a pair of #free sunglasses! is your friend going ? oh and hi :D x ( live on #Becauseofyou by Ne-yo that's my song Little chocolate  Loooove Swiss chocolate! #skiing2012 Me and  have been discussing this, we need them too :P if you see this, follow me please?! &lt;3 :D love you! Haha it doesn't matter! good glad to hear it  #TwitterBFF. Snow is coming down pretty good by me rite now! RT  Landed on the twitter scene buddy :D my day was great, roll bounce is on :D ohh right cool  ugh it feels so late It's going to be amazing. You'll have to give me some Icelandic speaking lessons I loved when u jumped in the pool on #BaseballWives I was cracking up...can I get a follow oh, how disappointing! Have a goood weekend! See you Monday 'Charlotte you look like shit' thanks mam thank youuu c'mon now don't get shook :p and anyways, its the content of your tweets of that's annoying not the amount aww..kk RT  Lol ma link went down.sorry yh? buh ill tell u some other time :D RT nii_mants3: (cont) Pyschological fact: when someone appears in your dreams that person misses you.
Aww..  miss me! what pizza you got? :D ( live on haha  how's you? X I figured that. Or u just didn't wanna tweet back :p thinkin about that DM or what ^.^ HE NOTICED YOUUUU LOVE ! Miss Piggy is wearing Louboutins.  #PRAllStars “ Mannnnn I can't stop smiling” I lovvvve when that happens : ) naw naw juss a lil high.  Lmao that was all me my day was great!  Now I'm back home chillin! Hope yours is going great! :D yeahh yeahh yeahh  ;) thanxxx for the follow lolol, no! :p but i'm VERY happy for you guys that they're coming there!! :D I looveee  like crrazzyyy!! :p that's wat u get 4 leavin ur twitter signed in :p Piercing my ears now. steady on, i can hit a ball straight just don't know the rules :-) dude great hanging last night. sometime this spring when we are both in town on mon-tues night lets do a double date. Vote Straight Up Taning best tanning salon in Las Vegas! Your vote & support are greatly appreciated  Go to It's very good!!! I like it!! RT   holaaa  #YCfamily bonito fin !!! lisa depeyster think I'm imposing #BecauseOfYou i get to go home!!! I loveeeeeee mummy ! :D That awkward moment when you see a 10 year old child with a better phone than yours :p followed :D follow back? okey dokey so is it still Chinese we r going to get when we go out to eat Making it so that I get paid every #Friday was a brilliant idea on my part Awww…why don't you go cry to Tom Wolfs :P Por fin con #twitter :D thank you follow me please i follow back  thankss I Got Your Love (8) :D Haha oh, I was singing Everybody Knows and I remembered you! : ) my tweets seem invisible :p please if you're reading this it would mean the world if you followed me and is Blowing o's on the set list for tomorrow :D Hahaha xxxxx #FF  awesome, you'll love her tweets and she has a real nice face. :-) Really? Like? RT   nahh very special people (via  you have no idea RT   Itee LOL ;o Ouch , that's painful !! But i still have much love for you  &lt;3 We are still friends right? Yay.  Oh good idea, and please tell me how it all works out.  I hope you do get here.  &lt;3 RT  thanking GOD for this amazing day he has blessed me with!  ♡ Strangers think im cool , My friends think im outgoing and fun , My bestfriends know that im the best SEI UN FIGO! in english means that ur a very beautiful guy  &lt;3 We're going out tonight and I thought it would be nice to have a few drinks ha ace can't wait to see everyone dressed up! I know, will be a laugh  Ha you've got 2 weeks to get ripped! x #NP Secret by   I'm loving this song straight up! RT  GUYS, SOPA IS DEAD, THE GUY HAS WITHDRAWN IT! YEYEYEYEYEY looks like we'll be supporting  on here a lil while longer I'm a portuguese fan ! :D Follow me , please ! okay! I'll text you bitches tomorrow loool nahh cuz thats jus waistin space jus need nicki minaj to fill up the otha space nw :D x We should meet up if we're on the same course and live near each other hi luv I chuckled to myself as I'm also in catering  x follow me! just because i bug people with how much i tweet to you boyce kirakosyan think I'm tone and treatment I appreciate that!!! Blessings.  RT   u r awesome! Siri be bitching at times lol but yea #TeamIphone4s pregunteeenn!!!! :D just me having a heart attack from your sexiness Haha ;) I guess we can't say it because we're English :P &lt;3hii yeah im fine thank youuu  how abwt urself That meeting sounds dangerous. awh dont go out of your way  :L LOOL, twitter doesn't need to know when you shit Watching her pray before she goes to sleep  ♥ #gymswag then getting ready for tonight so exciteeeeddddd!!!! :D lol :p I'm tired -.- Kto chce Justina w Polsce?  Believe Tour To Poland thanks for the comment xltsEva!  ( You're welcome :D Ooo that's good to hear; happy days all round then :P nope,, GIRL IT'S FRIDAY! & I have a 4.0 in one of my classes :D well maybe i'll just come there...  i have some time soon.!!! seen my cousin Appy today. :-)  went to go look at the apartment they putting in new carpet. Now I just need to do my homework dameeee heladitooooo krys :D :D Me   and   I felt tall today lol thanks girl  I hope u get ur situation figured out too hehe thank you :D btw, my dad will drive me.. so we're THAT much closer to our game happening! That was 1 mad mommy  RT “It’s going to take Jesus and two more white folks to keep me from kicking your ass!” #Southland yes mam I love them Aiitt Hpe u wouldnt Fall My Hand Lool :P oh danny is such a cutie giving me lovehearts lol :D Shitttt phones on red, adios tweeeters  #phonesdead RT  #FF          Top tweeters! :-)  via Send me a  if you see this tweet! &lt;3 Je m'en doutais  #YouKnowYouLoveMe you comin 2 NY tday? Might as well jus keep drivin 2 cuse "well of course I like you" of course you are!! Lmfao!  RT  Theron and Kami....what a joy to observe! lol I'm not crying! Go home ;) just kidding RT  Can't wait for Sunday really hope Kildare win #VeryExciting Ciao bello! How're you today?!  x he was like: did you wink at me while u were singing? 
and i was like: nope ^_____^ «  text Me »//okay I can't wait to see Johnny Depp as Barnabus Collins. Should be an awesome movie! : ) fine! I'll let you win today  Only because I love you &lt;33 Beyaz Show  Murat Boz ;) Thank you and are you going to try? You do not have to It looks incredible  And smells like me arent i just? :D you quite nice as well i suppose :D With my babeee  #lovehimbunches Goodnight n ulit. Nearly a 1000 tweeps! RT me plz, dudes and dudettes :P #GoonerFamily #GoonerPower I'm gooooood thanks :-) you better than the other day then? sampling the amazing pubs of horwich tonight! aha :-) x *screams* Me too  x i hope time goes by faster watching t.v! I'm exhausted :( #twitterOff | tomorrow: more rumors.. thanks for following! following back  xoxo Gummi bears : ) !!!!!!! &lt;3 RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU haha, and i love reading youre randomness ;) georgann dicapua think I'm structure and organization  :-) that's ME RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. what do you like Awwwe Yea Forgot Bout That My Bad Big Hommie Thanks For The Reality Check Lol :-) Going to pick up  :D yay!!! Oh No Wonder You Missed The Word 'Here' 'Let Just Chill Here' :P Ready for summer? I am  so excited RT  The #FF contest isn't over yet!! RT and follow  to win a pair of #free sunglasses! is your friend going ? oh and hi :D x ( live on #Becauseofyou by Ne-yo that's my song Little chocolate  Loooove Swiss chocolate! #skiing2012 Me and  have been discussing this, we need them too :P if you see this, follow me please?! &lt;3 :D love you! Haha it doesn't matter! good glad to hear it  #TwitterBFF. Snow is coming down pretty good by me rite now! RT  Landed on the twitter scene buddy :D my day was great, roll bounce is on :D ohh right cool  ugh it feels so late It's going to be amazing. You'll have to give me some Icelandic speaking lessons I loved when u jumped in the pool on #BaseballWives I was cracking up...can I get a follow oh, how disappointing! Have a goood weekend! See you Monday 'Charlotte you look like shit' thanks mam thank youuu c'mon now don't get shook :p and anyways, its the content of your tweets of that's annoying not the amount aww..kk RT  Lol ma link went down.sorry yh? buh ill tell u some other time :D RT nii_mants3: (cont) Pyschological fact: when someone appears in your dreams that person misses you.
Aww..  miss me! what pizza you got? :D ( live on haha  how's you? X I figured that. Or u just didn't wanna tweet back :p thinkin about that DM or what ^.^ HE NOTICED YOUUUU LOVE ! Miss Piggy is wearing Louboutins.  #PRAllStars “ Mannnnn I can't stop smiling” I lovvvve when that happens : ) naw naw juss a lil high.  Lmao that was all me my day was great!  Now I'm back home chillin! Hope yours is going great! :D yeahh yeahh yeahh  ;) thanxxx for the follow lolol, no! :p but i'm VERY happy for you guys that they're coming there!! :D I looveee  like crrazzyyy!! :p that's wat u get 4 leavin ur twitter signed in :p Piercing my ears now. steady on, i can hit a ball straight just don't know the rules :-) dude great hanging last night. sometime this spring when we are both in town on mon-tues night lets do a double date. Vote Straight Up Taning best tanning salon in Las Vegas! Your vote & support are greatly appreciated  Go to It's very good!!! I like it!! RT   holaaa  #YCfamily bonito fin !!!SHUT THE FUCK UP PUSSY ....(said with love &lt;3) :D Some smart phones are REALLY dumb! Just shows the intelligence level of the nation fredric think I'm proper :-)  hi Finished summarizing French notes and was pleased to find that faire causatif will not be on the exam! Yay Seeing  in manchester in feb. Soo excited, they are amazing and I love them an a very good evening to you oh thats awesome! i wanna see pics! year of the dragon...its my year RT   UNC Charolette :D I knew you were gonna do that.. But I was kidding, I don't need you :p Yes Michael, Denise is a bitch anyway  #CBB i just notiiced we done with midterms! thxx ;**

Adrii taw elnas ard :p I always ask myself...how can I do it better! NF  :-) RT  #FollowFriday  aka CRAIG :D Thank you. RT  Sopa is dead? Awesome! We made it Do you know a word dutch? RT  Hey my #HooliganFamily can yu do me a favor? Can you tweet this video to Bruno please?  Thank you! :D Almost in day M! Cool. Throw some dates at me. Preferably non school nights so that much beer can be involved can u follow me jaden?? :p thanks :-) have a great weekend x Some relieve work for the Srilankan cricket team!
Awesome cricket by the islanders RT  Ahh the joy o fake people Bc I barely have any photobooks of TVXQ & I just happened to saw this on ebay, but I dunno if the price is too expensive.. :P you're safe having a fantabulous time at my aunt's place Hi Jaden!  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH please FOLLOW ME :b You know what's funny? I posted the SAME thing on Facebook and got the same answer. :P Haha I freaking love him idk obvious your house so I can meet your dog and whenever you want oh no worries, I won't #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK nah, she just mentions back whoever mentions her. :D WIFI ON THE AMTRAK!!! HELL TO THE YEAH!!! :D 5....4....3...2...1... You know what comes next :P My mum doesn't want to go to L.A again until next year :( and I've never been and would love to go to Paris! mums saying a long weekend I'm lazy  RT  #ThingsICantStand lazy ass people.. yesss, the weather & everything thank you for the follow! I am a big fan! My dad listens to your tapes/CDs all the time. That's awesome!! Must be such a relief  Sending her some positive energy. just watched leap year,  #iloveyou :D Thank you!! #FF back but i like your music though, & i'm a BIG FAN...! I Love you.. see you there :D !! Bouta eat some good ass food :-) I want to see the season 2!!! I can't wait girls! :D To the guys I know who keep showing off. Remember: it's your daddy's money nee siedha paavam :P “  for me weight continues :(” Tuned to #InSearchOfSunrise with Nommm mexican and chilli beans :P x ♥♥♥ RT  And on a Saturday...I'll work double time If you'll only say you're be mine wella namla la la dory aa 8ad9di sorry :p enzain... — Lol Mlaqaa :p, Haha Make Up Your Mind:p, Lol Bel... haha, you're welcome  now I get to hound you on Facebook and here for that breakfast date. Well, not a date, but ''outing" RT  Every girl has 3 personalities: 1) When shes with her family. 2) When shes with her friends. 3) When shes with HIM. :D wats ya score I won't take the mik I promise If this is true, (which I hope it is) I will be there! Haha :D thank you but i don't have my driver license yes :D Thank you. &lt;3 I already got a call. They don't want her so I'm having them bring her back to me. I'll take care of her. lol hey we're bored together :] We should do something &lt;3 .SOPA ended btw :D Going to buy a dharoks set soon Done with Masato's gifs, will do Louis ones tomorrow SCHWIEEEENNNNIIII! There's still time RT   Hey you guys! Rollllll Tiiiiiiiide!! :D Good time ChatRouletting ;) Best of luck! Mmm some good I be over to get some when they done nooo ' febuary 4 bby yeah, I might actually play this one :D and yummy caramel popcorn! Joyful Noise meeee, will drop it off after work, about 4.30 on Sunday  xxxx Gonna give me some Asian bangs on our way to subic...y plano2.. hehehehe exciting :-) Follow me! please #ILOVEYOU  12 will look at work rota and let you know. A saturday would work well..... RT  my sister is just too gorgeous. i Love meech! You are welcome! :D It's been my honor!!! :-) Thank YOU for being my friend!!!! xoxoxo i on the contrary, russian - one of my native languages, itself, i'm from Ukraine THAT'S TORTURE! Poor you :( I've been great too :D but still need to make you somethinnggg! Forgive me x) Ouch. thats dumb. apperently it didnt work todayy :P In the Nest for the first time....I'm excited to be able to call this home aw lovely! you too  xxx How's it going? It would mean the world to me if you followed me! :D Thanks Sue :-) xx , member chmeistry ? :D ima be drunk tonight regardless It's funny cause anyone can talk about me but all l do is forget it lol it don't bother me i'm still going to live. I hope you are happy with her Thanks for the #FF  - much appreciated I know the stories, its bad that side. Lol I know! That's just how its done there :P charo's are too cool though.honestly speaking Really? Am pleasantly surprised! :-)  is in a league of his own! #Legend Hla Jesuss :D Follow mee PLEASEE *_* ( live on jamar fredeen think I'm calmed down Pricilla's is calling my name #ff sorry its late.     keep up the good work Lol ... I know you know it was me ... aw thanks 4 the letter I got it xx  and wich teacher gave it 2 u? xx its  a  kinda afternoonyea I'll take one from his house !!! RT  Joe en NY + Nick en NY + Kevin en NY = Jonas New Album !! fuckyeeaahhh bitches!!!! :P With. The. Lovely. Cory.  RT:  Break. Fast. In. LA. RT  Karen is my new bestfriend :D so happy  recommended me to her _back home :D I miss all of you! Love youuuuu yeah pls frate Kiss me in the pouring rain Its romantic as can be awww congrats girl YAY SOPA has been withdrawn from senate but we still have PIPA to deal with so keep supporting guys! :D lmfaooo hell no lol i swear u nggas were callin my name :p Hee! It's easy to see why,  - Gav is just so lovely! about to leave & you? #hustle ur welcome yeah I'm pretty shocked I replied, it makes a change Hey ! I dare you show me your belly for viewers up  ( live on I'd probably try  first. RT:   " cuz ur a dumb fuck  x" oh thankssss GOOD MORNING PINAS AND CALIFORNIA! :D Oh, and Maria Brink  &lt;3 #subtweet Massive spurs fan... Even got a season ticket !!! RT would be amazing This movie looks sooo funny xD I love the girl and the teddy bear RT  EL7AMDULILLAH BTAWFI2 RABENA THIS WOULD'VE NEVER TRENDED.  Believe Tour To Middle East RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about belva think I'm likable Grand-Awesome? :P My king will be three nexts sunday  my mannnnnnnn no celular com a  :D RT   your welcome! God Bless! and once your baby's here you won't even care about a waist line any more! Yesssssssssssssssssss  me too lol “ If I was at the club I would definitely dance bachata all night 😍👍” Cheers to the freakin weekend ok...will wait for u shawtyy I'm thinkin pizza hut tonight He said awwww *grabs them back* " *walks past* RT Ikizzy_Born: Thank you  *blows kisses* " Ikizzy_Born ooooh I love ur mat by the way"" Yup I love it, it's beautiful & soulful SEI UN FIGO! in english means that ur a very beautiful guy  . follow me on instagram : kiarashantel Talent show tonight at 7  its gonna be great! Not to mention me and some friends are doing the "everything skit"!! It's so touching my drop dead stuff is coming tomorrow! :D ohh niceee! people that hurt people for the sake of pleasure.....do me a favor....play in traffic k thanks Friday night in New Orleans... this could get messy :D pleease follow back lol fuh you just scared me haha ima just chill then RT  RT if you love  Marvin hey, im new to twitter...and thanks  xx Heheh okay - Lol it's coo!! fanks Tash  x Thank you!! Bones. #StarTrek DeForest Kelley would have turned 92 today will you be at the britains got talent auditions? im coming on the 6th :p xxx #BecauseOfYou  I can't eat carrot without laughing ! :D I love you #TakeMeOutIreland is back :D yayzer! gotta think positive from now own  hahaha you could if you wanted to! I hit him sometimes to get my anger out. Just THAT particular subtitle! Still funny seeing a puppet swear   #Critters Will link you to a video, best way to follow :P RT  I'm Mindless And I Know It sooooo cute Got email by Clemson  #winning Going to shovel my grandmas driveway with  #favoritegrandkids Hahahahaha... of course :D come where? celine think I'm ridiculous hey i am.. Was off line for a while.. Enjoy you day Omfg I got a 97% on mh AP Calculus test  im sooooo happy right now "A B C D, gummy bears are chasing me. 1 is blue, 1 is red, 1 is peeing in my bed. now I really gotta run, because the red 1 has a gun." :D I'm start sticking with u, I think u're made out of glue RT  Nights in with  are my fave You're welcome Yeah The 3 of us made the top tweets for  this last week ha ha sounds like a keep S/O to my #NewFollower Lunch on  Thank You merhh I guess yeah  loool same, think ima sit down one day and teach myself :L I love it when people mention me on twitter :D can yu do me a favor aww , pele :* . We know how to get our way  xx AWW :D hahahaha. no just kidding. i'm happy for you that you found love. wow that was corny.. Did you have fun? :D Read my response to "Hit 1,100 followers today while I was at school, thanks guys :D On a scale of 1 to 10, how much…": Who wants my old job? Haha RT  The most beautiful smile, is when you smile because you remembered someone special I wonder wat Nijah Black ass doing   lol leopoldo freeland think I'm inaccessible RT  I give God recognition daily. It's only right. He blesses me to wake up every morning. I'm #Thankful please follow me! I love you I'm a #Jadenator  Argentina loves you. afw RT  Coooon  :D winkked at me todayy thanx I know more than you. :p RT  Lmao no u dont. RT  I do. RT  Ppl. Think they know everything. RT  S/O to my damn self because I'm smart af, funny af, cute af and cause my future looking right af. REALLY? Where lol. I'll take em with you thats wat happens to all who wears my bracelet.. get well soon :P I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #music because they are incredible, both as persons and a band.Nuu the voiche of gurmany kijke :-) thanks! umm yes prolly  and he has a game at 4 is X playing too? Everyone who follows  me tweet me and ill follow back RT  if you ain't gone run up . then keep my name out yo mouth follow back pretty please ? WOOOHOOO! a room with only you and me today! :D No you can't, look in a dictionary it's closer not clowser RT  RT if you love  Jukebox I've been working for Macys for 2 years now & just about 2hrs ago I got my promotion. Now a detective for macys LP lol yhu already know me girl Patiently waiting follow back please ? Happy Birthday sweetie!! RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss DOn i gtg now...will take some more time to decide.. will let u know...thanks for the input they're really not as bad as you make them seem. Lol but thank you, that made me smile Done ooooooooo(insder)  love ya cuz/brother Why? Physicians suggest a body pillow for pregnant gals to help relieve hip and back pain. hahahahhahahha :p RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must be following rain checKkk You must tell us!!! Haha please? haha one episode ahead of you  #lettheobsessionbegin yeei!! Say cheese! RT  Happy National Cheese Lover’s Day!  We love cheese for so many reasons: lol thank uuuu :D x yeah, last time they canned, i lost money, this time didnt wanna take chance and its 4degC there too cold for me :D beach bum follow me jaden please  1 I'm on my way THANKXYOUX :D fool  ?? you're not fool You just get back to freezing your butt off in the mighty North. :D (Also, enjoy every second.) Caff just wants to give him a HUGE hug! He is just so gorgeous!!! I have to agree, but in a manly wag of course : ) Just finished a sweet newborn session & now off to the other side of the town for a bride meeting..luckily, baby didn't pee on my outfit! Your so funny in 90210, keep up the good work  love watching man! Time to put on the TiVo, talking to  about random things  gone from etta James to display pics now lol Sam G! I don't know how to spell his last name :p No problem Um dunno what your actually saying...lol..sorry..but Yes it's from Miley Cyrus  &lt;3 idk why i came all the way to terre haute to go to school. i get homesick so quick lol. #dahwell #ByeBye terre haute #FF  Bright, funny and always good for a chat i know! I have my playlist ready and ship. Lol i always rap to superbass :p me ! ohhh #ThankYou "  Challenge Accepted está creciendo! :D RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU Pep rallys r fun when their not rigged and u don't loose ur vocie.lol.. Nothing beats Spiller to getcha in a good mood exicted for ur concert feb 14 :D please follow meee &lt;3 RT   I'm good..recovering over a little cold! Haha thanks for asking!! was on a conference call which talked about mobility...IA and KS were talked about as options. :-) np Thank u so much for the #FF  Happy weekend RT   is just oh so fine You deserve it, soon-to-be 15 year old!! I showered for the first time since Tuesday today, wasnt too bad :D After this class, I'm dino bound *blushes* I try HIIII EVEN MORE AWESOME PERSON!!! :D I normally don't give compliments so freely, but I must say that is a snazzie haircut. (: RT  #haircut :D RT  I get what I want  !!! I'll write you until you'll follow me!  #NeverSayNever , Please Follow me Jaden! :D I Exist,DD: hehe  same! Miss you too! Sat drinking coke, needing a bed to wee on! Wouldn't be allowed here sadly!! Hey its friday Things we do at work is amazing follow her that was at 8:50 .. but i'm shooting you one now no, because you're the cutest! :P  reference to Hurley, not you awwh thankyou! :D xx Ricky G quoting you on twitter... how cool congratulations on your new house! hahaaa I had my 'lol'in moment again about this :p :D totes just made an opportunity out of nothing, yay! #laughs #BitchingTime :P want this week to go fasssssssssst! Hope the room renovations coming good #PimpMyRoom lmfao ew but on the bright side, I already have a nickname prepared for you just in case, Herpe Hands me too :D but unlike you I did 75% of it by myself ;) your just in denial! You should see my other wall, full of Justin Beiber! :D Watching the Vampire Diaries. Love Damon follow me pease maek my dream true i love u #jadenator for life French toast makes my world go round happy birthdayyyyyy!!!! miss you soo much! Thanks for the #FF thank-you lovely! :-) xx follow back Curling my hair RT  “ KATYS NEW MUSIC COMING OUT IT SPRING!! :D ♥” OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love' can you follow us back please  ?! munching on some pancakes  while watching #cbb Let me be a free man - free to travel, free to stop, free to work :D ooc: yess!!!! “ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT “  should go to the game tonight with us ”” lol I don't want to can you save a creme egg for me please :-) RT   lmaoooo . Awwhhhhh : ) thanks. My fries are better then her chicken tho ! #ijshi BFF!  love u Awkward moment when you see ur teacher making a twitter and he actually asked us how and of course who did he ask???? Me lml  lmao &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; thanks for the follow cant wait for tn ! Awe I miss seeing  during concerts! What do you say you come back to Boston real soon?  RT   youuuuu shouldddd , I'll come sing w. you Excited for tonight :D k grand  the gaff phone yeah? xxx RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x it is a little cartoony, but it's clear which line is what. Pictures would make for quicker recognition than written on tape. Mount Cook on the South Island of New Zealand, come see and explore for this is truly one beautiful country! on se reparlera hein? :D good niggggght ( live on Pageant mood :-) Christ-.- Thanks Helen  xxxxx come get meee (c) only tweet when Liam comes online later Alot to do, Alot to learn ! Racing,competiting it is part of me it is part of my life ! Haha since me &  both RT   got the same tweet 3 times :D Enterprise called me and said be ready for monday ...... I think I gotta fuckin job ahh shit. But I could protect you with a gun! And look how good I look with it only teams worth watching are in the east imo :p #BecauseOfYou i just smiled. thanks loveeee! Not very well :( 
on the plus side watching the film grown up's as it always makes me feel better 2 more people to click this link!! :D We Miss Shayley is TTWW :D yes it is I'm having a small celebration for me Does She Remember? :D it will be sometime, off cheese waits until you're off you're guard, then bam ur a gonna I think I'm go to wendys or mayb even popeyes mmm  den back to the mall to buy 3 boxs of diapers & 2 box of wipes plus ivory laundry soap hehe thanks  hope they stay on! x No, no. Just exit quietly. Hey  Gmorning  have a nice day ;)please follow me back  #EchancerIndonesia GET TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ I`m loving it. deffo gonna pop in tomorrow and tell him it's my birthday, woo :p #shoutout to  shes lucky af to b gettin in bed wit one of the sexiest men ever!!!!!  even if its on set... :D lol RT     young siva hahaha he was always a poser :P But I'm your favorite of those ppl, right? :P hahah chaykay 6eerai 3 flights in a row and see how tirig that is :p Please Please Jaden follow me ? It 's my dream  Please... RT  #BecauseOfYou I smoke a lot more, thanks weedman yep, you would know...  Let's do a happy hour at  soon. #RailLife x Love the new avatar pic.. Absolutely gorgeous.. + Sobre qual show eu vou :D I like ur avi...I would love for u to follow me and ill follow back :D LMAO U BEST BE lee diallo think I'm sorrow and lamentation RT  Want to win a 1D signed photo ?  Follow me to find more ! hahahaha that's a good joke, oni :P RT  Thank you Verona for such a great night!! Such a fun audience which made the show even more fun  we'll be back! just wait until Jacob and Bella kiss Haha inshalah :p but those aren't my tweets. Donna did some hijacking If you hold out a bowl, I will aim for that! Hopefully you won't go and have to pick them up from somewhere on the M25 :P hahaha are you serious?! you´re a legend,i laughed so hard when they talked about it ,sorry :D hoi When they give you a discount :D ill be White Girl Wasted in about 2.5  
#happyfridayyy what can I do scoring 2 hatricks? :P especially the supreme bicycle kick! oh yea? they're a great band.. you'll love them thanks.   if you have a glass of wine for me, i'll have a vicodin for you! It certainly will be  Bring it on!!! :D x follow this amazing model  because she's just perfect!!  (Officialtwitter) Well I liked it a ton... and got through it in like two days... so yes. oh shitt hes still young hai babes, would you like to follow back?? Damn gina when did u grow a dick :p but I bet mines wayy bigger Lmao cool !! :D ahahah we are stupid ! look what are we talkin about ! :D Whaaoo RT  Only 8.5 hours left to get your entries in for the Beezid-PennyBurners Giveaway!  6 prizes; 6 winners; multiple ways to win! #pennyauction Lunch break was fun. Every 2mins, Nathan would ask me for a hug & then grab me & try to trip me in the snow. It didn't work though' : ) Thanks, hope u enjoyed my Frisky Friday, can't wait for Thong Thursday! Ready to be in bed for the night. I'm such an old lady! But gotta go to work then the gym THEN it's bed time RT  Some fine ass there :-) RT  Miss these butts   &lt;&lt; Yeah it fucked me off if I'm honest... But not enough to totally wreck my good mood  xx : ) we're good thanks :D Marc's just gone to get Chinese. I'm starving lol xxx is it fun being on BMS? :p #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK and that is what I'm doing right now mashii .. it's my duty Maha thanks for the RT. Thanks thanks for introducing yourself on our photography post Thanks for being so awesome!! Cant wait to meet my new edition lil journey! Lol shutup, it had to be you RT   you should probably sit down then darren think I'm unprecedented and objectionable I CAN'T WAIT TO GET OUT OF SCHOOL!!! stay in whitestone  so won't be for a while anyway haha xxx RT  80% of unmarried teenage mothers end up on welfare. RT if you have swallowed gum and survived dad got me the paper btw :-) Wouldn't dream of spending my Friday night any other way! , pussy run every thing Howdy! It's hanging by a thread...and I wouldn't have it any other way! Hope you have a fabulous weekend. Stay warm!! Chips please ... imagine the life of the #hen the next time you eat an #egg ...  did you imagined 'her' out-door or in-door ?? #GlassWalls Goin to patiently wait these 2weeks for a phone call about this apt!#BaddBitches I salute y'all :-) Thanks for the #FF :D what are you doing now..? :D :D I finished my Shimko project :D Please follow me. YOU'RE MY ANGEL♥ ! I'll send to You 1000000 of times. *0004527* Watchin Coach Carter. One of my FAVES. since my sister got WKD's :D x Haha lol me watching The Voice of Germany  How was ure day ??&lt;3 ask  lol, she has one :p follow me back plz love you since Little Shop of Horrors I don't think  would approve... :p Up for NSTP. :-) noiiiiiiice Delicious food  5* definitely recommended sounds good + @ good old westleigh my friends gemma lol funnyy tht actually made me smile haha u suk at spellin itt tho Nail salon w/my coworker Oooh!! I love the way  tweeted in Spanish!!! Date day with the bf! Mexican for lunch, browsing bookstores, frozen yogurt, and a movie! Love him Still love my background. I come on twitter and Jay's just waving at me :') - Though tbf, might just change it to him in the bath :D Floyd is so much spunkier now than he was when he first arrived! And George is cool enough with him now to sleep in bed with him. Shemar Moore is gonna be on Ellen on Monday!  &lt;333 #FabFriday FOLLOW can I have yur pin J'aime beaucoup  ( live on aw yay I am making a difference! haha zawar has never had sex he doesn't know what anal is lmao give him a brief description :p Yes, yes, Daz, it shall be sampled. Like I told Di, all in good time. no matter what i know i can always count on a #FF from &lt;&lt;&lt;------- can really dance her ass off : ) Love my cat Beary in the back lol cody... Please please please tweet me :D i love you big much, btw follow us aswell and come to scotland soon :D 8 Please Notice Me  If You Followed Me My Dream Would Come True !! Please !! I read about this tweet in Jezebel. I think it's awesome what your gov. does. BTW Sweden has some GREAT metal bands that I love :D leerse he ruudje! En houd het op overgaan! See you at the next diner RT  "Life isn't about surviving the storm, its about learning how to dance in the rain." -Taylor Swift I can´t wait for the #BelieveTour  You are amazing and I love you. I hope you in Spain! .3. great day :D Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless (y) I wonder what the Suprise is hmm Follllowing back  RT  Following Woke Up Mad As Shit Still, Whatever Hehe Going To A Chinese Buffet Tonight :D And omg he's going to Werchter this summer so we're gonna see each other again :D Yayyyyyyyyyyyy :D Anonymous asked: Have you had sex with your boyfriend? :P #stella , wooh hoo sound for the adverts psml happy FRIDAY!!!!!!! Dance rehersals on saturday then performing sunday yay So glad that SOPA and PIPA have been postponed or whatever :D Okay Mr Patel :D Omg really? :O :O okayy byee &lt;3 xxx #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Tee Hee  (with Mom, Dad, and Ellys at Thai Bowl Cafe) — Voting is now open for Florence + The Machine on Talenthouse. I would really appreciate your support on my entry SJ IS REALLY THE AWARDS COLLECTOR LOL THEY DO REALLY DESERVE TO WIN THE AWARDS IN DIFFERENT AWARD GIVING BODIES^^ #SJonTop :D Myn twitter logo op blackberry  #verveling #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Love ordering things of the internet!! :D ahh its massive  dying for one of them, have to start saving now :L xx thank you my asian sensation! I love you and miss you so much too! Thank you looool I dont like watching amateur people singing hit songs on YouTube :p Yuupiii Megan Fox your welcome •  do you believe in miracles?  #MrCelebUKandTW • 28 :Dx Love you toooooo!! :P Xx I would love it if he came here! Cream with black stripes on the bonnet and a black  & silver union jack on the roof Yahoo my baby is coming home today. Last day off his boating course Yea now I got it den hw wld u av itRT"  RT  Ill go get it" I need a drink, buh outside is too cold"" finee just super tired from my exam week and YES in february i cant waaait! :D maybe i should leave for denver tonight Finally ordered prints by quatro ;) haha follow me pleasee  ;;) loveyou #SWAAGG Thats okay  does fun include maths and spanish hw? Have a fun weekend too x follooooow me♥ ? u're hot :D Tweet Tweet!! :p Aw am very well thank you! How are you?! You Know This The Boy Pic You Saw On My Phone ! aw, that's cute! Hahah, we'll have to find someway of even just waving to each other :p xxx I Love My Wife  ,, She's All iHave,, iKnow She'll Be Here No Matter What. :-) ur such a loser !   marc donald duck :D lol cool name  great colours :D loving it .xx it's my chin, you just want it to be my lip  its a heard? and high five returned Que tarde  follow back 3rouus Lmouraw7a :P Jiiijiii &lt;3 oh same as me..:D but I din't know that there is a new word for it lol :D I think that is a scathenly brilliant idea.  #LDIR :D Yup :D RT  I know dt, anytin 4 fudRT   Cos I haven't (cont) i find twitter unfollows but some folks think it was done on purpose! i don't unfollow unless provoked by creepiness or abuse RT   awe she misses my bro okayyy :p They communicate using twitter? ._. Okay,whatever you say :P 3rs an 30mins an the heel ends up in the vodka bottle :P xxxx #CostaRicaWantsBelieveTour Here in Costa Rica...WE LOVE YOU, so please come!!! :D haha no worries :p that what I'm here for :D You wanna follow me  please !! I can't deny that I have had some of his songs stuck in my head, but I'm more of a Mumford & Sons/Taylor Swift person. :P x SOU MUI LEGAL COM A DAY :D " #FollowFriday    (:"it's my birthday too thts meee :-)  lol happy , care-free , stress-free , haven't felt like this in a while !:-) Yaaaay! Can't wait : ) x Yay my phone is working again!!!!! just jailbroke my ipod o yes it is possible The band might me going to San Antonio and that means  I will meet him! Lol dang my brothers want me to take him to prom. Hey Sunny!  I miss you!  Thanks so much for all of your support, it really means a lot! &lt;----- ahhhaa ! It was about you too YESSSSSSSS I'll free up my life for you  &lt;3!!!!!!! I'll always support you no matter what! am que bueno Follow me on my tumblr, i follow back :D Hustle is so good :D 2nd set won 10-7 :-) Mee and my mistress :-) Congrats!!!  Sad to see you go but that's such exciting news! Thanks for the #FF and backatcha hahah so true! :p RUDE. RT “ " We all have that one friend who we always greet with an insult." "  So now we have to send him the video of us singing in spanish right ?" If you are ready That's totally fine.  Plan for Tuesday? I would never have guessed!! I wanna watch the Grease episode!! I'm dying to watch it!! :D ♥ just got home Haha Man i Was On The High Way Waitting And Everything :p That would be awesome! Let's face it though - I just want to see Zac, so I'd be happy with anything! yayyyyy! I'll leave when I wake up tomorrow  (you'll be able to sleep in still lol) guessssss what!!!!!!!!!!! Which song?  Sitting outside a friend's house.Will be off soon again. awesome  you guys can fight over the liquorice and tshirt haha. Glad ya got home safe, looks like a sweet trip gooooood mornin' you  x RT  I'm a daddy's girl  can't help it Good day  now too sleeep B) soooo cute :D I'm in LexTown , tryna get swayzed toniiiiiight Following bacck thanks again, love you lots  miss my shissster #twins Someone bring me food, and ill be happy :D “ We all have that one friend who always gives the best relationship advice, but is still single.”    lol Great day! :D im IN love with my twitcon Thanks for mr.house for my second detention. I just LOVEE detention :D  carmine moshier think I'm suddenness and vehemence I built a #wp7 app could use some feedback if you don't mind...could use a mention also  follow back RT  Had a wardrobe fitting for the next season of iCarly! Freddie's clothes are Freddie-er than ever. And I still fit in last season's jeans! :P ah great! Thanks i knew yesterday was the calm before the storm, you sexpest :-) didn't wanna leave you's out YEAAAAH :D you're just done school ?! :p RT  moo  moo cow to the bardledoo :P Friiiiiiiiiiiiidaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay &lt;3 Tonight should be good! Good child? Ha got jokes now lol :p follow back  x goodluck loves  & #mary & #krista i have a follower with the name "thecreepyguyinthevan" it's creepy :P imagine guy fawkes mask with aggro veins standing out :P RT        I am the south london shaman :D x can't you tell mum, I have low battery, trying to conserve battery. Haha. Here in gym with  ,  ,  and evelynn.! : ) oh, thats nice to know : ) Hey man. I miss youu.  #Jadenators I love, love, love. u_U Swag well, hello there blaring John Mayer at work. No shame at all Going To Get Money From My Dad : ) iLoveHim ! my friends our old page on FB hacked so plz follow us back on this link RT  great day :D &lt;3 Yeah, because frapuccinos are just so darn hot... You knew what I was talking about! Sorry bout that hun,u a strong Lady tho  give me ur lucky # i'll put $ on the roulette table RT  Don't cry over the past, cry to get over the past.. Don't Smile to hide the pain, Smile to heal the pain. okay go finish cupcaking I'm off here :D Rachel, I've been trying for months! Please follow me, I love you so much, dear! Xoxo from Brazil  4 follow back? “  your bare funny” &lt; Awwwww thank you, my burnt popcorn Yeah!!!!!!! :D Love you moreee!!!! Hehe ;) &lt;3 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx I love BOP because it keeps me up to date on celebrity gossip, and supplies me with awesome posters RT  I cnt wait till he take me to see my sis Sunday at odu. Lol :-) I like my crispy breadcrumb coating crispy, not soggy ! About to watch a movie with my little brother  then out later can't wait for the day when we are gonna visit uncle casey ong's house to bai nian :D a taaad.  thanks boothang. What about you, cramps gone yet? 😘 Is that actually what the teams were named? Hey Ty, how do you do? ;) of course :P xxxx OF WHAT SHOES  UR 10'S OR THE KAMIKAZIES? canny? Are you a geordie man?  well its friday RT  #NF  follow back biiiiiiitch! :p just laugh :p RT  Apple and Blackberry should team up and make a phone called the Pie!!!! :P Off to bed. Goodnight everyone! thk U!  RT        thx 4 the kind words & thx 4 yr gr8 news sharing! best of luck tonight from a fan in Dublin :D tickles  are you feelin better? GRRRRRRR I'M MAD :D but smiling i love Happy New Year song! It's amazing! I love you guys!  12 #NF my new friendHey everyone! Its me, just arrived home & i'm about to eat&lt;3 How are you all? RT  Glad i made the cut for #FF RT  Too many followers to name just scroll thru my damn list! :-) yes!  go to xs! ♥ Can you follow me..? Thank you so much for follow us!  Please, Can you tell all of your followers that follow us? We ♥ One Direction. xx. lovely ... Nothing like making good memories celebratory/grad party after our last sem? Gotta Be You love this song :D reppin etown fair this weekend  #lovineveryminute lmfao....it was me. dont tell anyone tho :p video "Kevin Slowey talking about his faith" I know, I totally agree with you Heya RT  SEXX.. PENIS.. VAGINA.. BOOBS... WEED...FOLLOW FOLLOW ?  PLS Could you follow back? followed I'm going! Come! I can give you directions if you'd like PLEASE follow me jaden i love you alot and tryig to get your attention long time please make my daay  xxx💙 much love #32 aha aw thank you Just watched season 3 premier of #TVD. Wow! Does it just keep getting better?  can't wait for next week :-) RT  #Nf   #Swag How Old Are You ?? :D — 19 alberto delahoya think I'm paranoid Hey dude want to share #xxx #sexy #porn pictures? Here are my #pussy #sex shots   #7x I have it installed so I don't have to put the game in Subwaaaaaaaay! :D yuuuummmmy! #satisfied Thanks for retweeting my tweet I swear I must have said that so many times lol Tonight&gt;&gt;&gt; so excited 
at the store attempting to get normal size shot glasses sorry boys i ended up with doubles again &gt;.&lt; RT   if this is the only thing you do today, watch this j.lo video  & PLEASE follow #goforawhile See yoou later buddies Not one but two new Public enemy albums on the way. Outstanding RT  aw how on one tour date on the screen it said "who is perfect" & then the boys all pointed in Niall's direction  loooooooooove :* That sounds good :D Oh yeah, those tweets crack me up too. LOL. Can't wait til Thursday pay day & go look for my car cus I hate this FCKkn House &its my friend Birthday  ! hey! oh my gosh missed u sooo much!U can't imagine the the smile on my face right now!where have u been? & how u doing? :D &lt;3 haha....thats good....maybe one day Janet will invite devlinator guitar players for a session one day haha  Epic :D you look gorgeous  xx #LT She got a leg cramp!!!!! Hahaha :P Hey dude want to share #sexy #xxx pictures? Here are my #vagina shots :P #Ru4 2afBIOHe  RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss RT  Thanxs 4 #FF luv :-) its my birthdayyy  *cough PLEAAAAAAASEE JADEN FOLLOW ME .
ARGENTINA LOVES YOU hello  I like your icon RT  Me, Niall and Louis are following the next 100 to follow  .. Hurry! :D .x RT  Everyones so shocked frankie got loads of cheers.. You should be use to it by now. He is loved Ahah thanx  &lt;3 You life in Turkey ? Never give up on things that make you smile! :D hmmm mashy el 7al :D #NF that's awesome :3 lol and you don't have to hide it :p everyone knows you do jk Hey! If you dig great music, please check out and follow Kourtney if you can see this tweet smile at me : ) RT  Happpy 22nd birthday my love  --thank youu!! I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #singer because...he is an amazing singer who has saved my life... #soundsgood #dontdie #missyoutoo I don't know it went alright though Finally gonna get my check! :D lol , text me : ) . Don't forget ! We love you so much Sel !  Who says you are not perfect ? trust me you are so perfect :-) :-) :-) what I doo"  piece of shit brother Awesome! I'll do the same & we'll compare! :P I know wat u mean, its hard! Just relax, embrace the shapes & ull draw it no probs! my friend is so white and funny as hell lol RT  Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much! 2202 Morrill tower birthday kick back 9:30! All is welcome! :-) games food movies sure does! I have two floating round in the bath too and the waters got a gliter glow to it! Pretty and relaxing! Oh, It's ok  it's just that it shows someones twitter status...no vid there...weird I don't neeeeeed you!!! Haaaaa HA feels great Anytime  I meant it too. RT   it was appreciated Or maybe find a flute payer here: RT  You know you're fat when you look forward to pizza rolls after school  #thatsme RT  Love these vote 1D pics people have thank you guys Like most buskers react to positive feedback. Loud n' happy  All these #altsummit tweets make me want to go next year! Sounds like a blast Lol at the virgin advert  bolt is awsome yeeeah man!!! haha Hope ya well dude, and all set for a wicked weekend!! :D x When aren't you? :p RT  I'm bored!! #tweetcount 11,111  #makeawish RT    LOL, yeah that was my interpretation of it.  it's a sucky feeling. "expectation vs. reality" reality always wins. you think you have it bad? I know four other people with my birthday :( happy birthday for tomorrow though! goodnight rubatyy :D We miss you too! #teamstevenalltheway :D just wait til I get there !  imma have then smilin hehe exactly :P -Its Finally Dah End Of Dah Day...!! Yesss Skype con  y If i'm not following you, ask for a follow! do worry I had a mild for you you gotta love them Nothing like a needle goin in ny skin to make art :D thanks xxxx my all time gave is behind blue eyes, by the who, the who are the best I love the Strawberry-Banana one  and then of course I love anything strawberry flav lol Sooo true! I also have received one today.  #LOVE you! Hella drunk..u?? RT  How u? RT  Hi bbes!! RT   hello Ati :D That's whats up bruh!     i'm live!! in the studio!!!HAPPY BIRTHDAY  !!!! :D just waiting to play black ops. & you? love isnt finding someone you can live with:-) its finding someone you cant live without:-) :-) :-) Wait it's a clothing line and not a makeup line right? Either way I'll be buying! :D Welcom to my life! :D okay  xx Thx 4 the follow :-) cool. thanks hahaha i'm not tht little :P it is kind of sad cause kids can't find work anymore and I want to pay for my own college eeecckkk Dansen is leuuk &lt;3, whaha raice  your glass :p ofzowiets See? I knew it ;-) RT  In a good mood RT  My name is Bennett & I ain't in it ok then  are you sure you dont wanna come bukas? ;) agueda think I'm innuendo and suggestion awwww. That's so sweet!!! :D Yay!! Skiing with my family  #ilovefridays RT  Follow  ; they have the funniestt tweets everrr! :D YOOO MAAAAAAAAS! :D follow  #LiamFollow1DTourUpdate I will tweet this to infinity and beyond! Okay, I'm stopping with being greedy and asking for followers now :P haha will eat then head at  condo :D Of Course ! : ) We all want the trip of the lifetime! So my wonderful TL thats the story of my best friend's  gap. THE END  Lets pray they make up and simon the gap can move 2 essays to get done tonight , I actually don't mind homework  #metime Reading #Allure all morning. Heck yes. RT  Who remembers these Humble beginnings?! #OnSumTrueShit...who RT  #FF  , We had a good convo thee other day :-) I swear they say iconic everywhere knew you weren't! You beat start soon! Ok I'll bring one round in a bit anytimee you bhander :D guys I think you'd should all follow  they are a new band with great music.also look them up on YouTube you're welcome  Ok that's good. It must be nice sleeping all you want.  haha! Less of the sarcasm you! :p So many nice flats in Basildon, and decent for commuting as well Oh well...what's a day here and there H8r. Sorry I'm teaching kids the art of typing. I can't teach math and typing at the same time. :P I almost spat out my mouthful of water laughing. Many thanks =)) RT  Lol..im feeling d guy na :p " What's with  nd speed darlington like this ehn" good to see you today, thanks again for lunch RT    35 different books this year! For book-lovers (like me) that’s, err, going to generate a lot of envy  #scio12 gm... well evening now.. just saw your greeting It was yummy thanks :-) Used the  method of cooking the red cabbage - brilliant (omitting the cloves for DH) Calling just to hear my voice  &gt;&gt;&gt; love you too I think you should definitely tweet a picture of your new hair old excuse though comforts me more You could be my princess, and I could be your prince. #Believe2012 )&lt;3 I'm goin 2 Afghanistan in April..u should come with me :-) Pheww.. forgot my password to my phone and somehow remembered it. Like a BOSS. :D dan bolinder think I'm nebulous I left my phone at home :( sincerely, Marina :p pssh, No! :P i'm in my CoD t-shirt and jim jams playing fifa, another day maybz :P Oh we're cute niall :D Sory love, i was I miss-clicked! carry on awhhh!(: thank you chinch! :D misss you&lt;33 SOPA is dead ?!? :D Is this true? Excuse me while I go break out into joyous celebration... MORE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ I haven't a bit of Celtic in me. Oh well, just have to make do with my Spanish, Yugoslav and Chilean blood. :p mkay! -- RT   Tell Serenity I Miss Her. :-) Congrats! Great way to end a work week. we still love ya joey!!  good luck tomorrow xx Great perc images in your post white girlllll!! U oldddd bitch!! &lt;3&lt;3 stilll love u to bits I want some of dose corn fritters da dhall b having Thanks  x jeffery think I'm humane and sympathetic please follow me? i love you! next time you have to come :D about to orderr my Victor Cruz jerseyy   RT? it sounds it lol lol  big brother now wooo ;) xx RT    Come on hamid bhai sach bole u r a ppp journalist way to say goodbye! have fun in cali, and I'll see you when you get back i just did Then you can drink cola and have a caffeine high and be off your face. :-) So you finally watched ? :p just the usual Oli!  at the bhf today, had an exam yest tho ughhh! hows urs going much new? xxx maybe you should update jailbrea.kr? follow back? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH that's me :D   #me Woohoo! Just got my first home delivered Just Woke Up from a Nap with Rachel _ Boutta Take Kim to Get Her Pay Check ; then Going to Re - Up for the Night :D &lt;3 ' yeahh :D and that week I have my school prom , a wedding and going to see ymas .. Busy times RT  Smile is best makeup any girl can were. everything looks good.. until now the ski race wont be cancel.. :D greattt. :D haha they are all legal so it's all good! :p just shocking how time files! I wana have a sweet 16 party ,,bt i need help to do it..first time throwing a party.:-) :-) :-) I'm just being honest with you lol thank you :D *hugs* Brains as well as beauty :P u too girl isa :D Shoutout for my beautiful friend  :-) xx wow really? All the more excited now thanks!  x :D so excitedddd!!xxxby the previous tweets I see that you are gunna have a fun night!! Be safe tho! #Illvisithyousoon :D best of luck on force... M sure its gunna do great!!! :p ;) :* wrapped up w my nook  #stuckinwu #suckitmothernature RT   do you like 'The big bang theory'? that's promising! love your bros top! :P ( live on Whatever. Gonna have fun tonight. #promise Ha! The double meaning never struck me of course. :-) yeahh it was fun ! #FF talk about keeping it interesting madame! thanks for the #FF Hey that great news.. What a start to the weekend RT  Like I've said many times before. The people that knock me down only make me stronger.  have a good day! Love you guys! So  has left #teamAndroid for #teamiPhone... We will miss you “  ARE YOU GOING TO MOMMY NENNYS?” yessir : ) I want to but I don't know, are you? Isn't that what I invited you to on Facebook? Nothing couldve just made me happier yea, yea, yea.... 1 of the few things i turn on the tv 2 watch just a shame i thought the last 2 series were crap :P no, sorry you didn't get to know me :P RT  i love falling asleep with you because i love waking up to you even more he is too cuteee : ) RT  When my dad died, i learnt that love is a bond that cant be broke, love is love. a feeling that never goes away and thats why its special #10 you are such a cute arianator! We have to talk more! I'm letting people know about the polar bears! See ... the penguins and the polar bears live together. so HAH! :D Hi, thanks u for answering! Sorry for the late reply. I loved your movie and I'm going to wait until next one  good luck! Chip is totally blind but still manages to play ball OK. Bud has to show him where the ball is around 3:30 though. Busy day 2mw must get some sleep. Really looking forward to a weekend full of joy and fun! Sleeptight :-) Believe Tour To Spain!!!!!!!!  &lt;3 :D did you post my letter? you're welcome #FollowBack doiiing shoutouts for my followerrrs.... RT if u want shoutouts!!! :D RT  Whoop! 255 followers  Next Week- Have 265 #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin Penguin and sons :-) yeah. Just got an email  what you gone for? I'll give you a call soon! lino think I'm avidity and earnestness welcome jayson Follow this amazing account for  called  It was made by one of the most dedicated Wiskerette's I know  x 1500 ppl currently on stream. can we keep it going? you bet your ass we can we can :D   !! :D RT I'm really hyper but my battery is going to go so people of Twitter won't need to put up with it lion king!!! Come over now  & Steven THINKS he's ALWAYS right . 
smfff , sureee . :P FUCK YOU TOO MAN :D RT  WOULD IT BE TOO MUCH TO ASK TO REACH 6,000 TODAY? 79 in 3 hours please rt YAY WE DID IT! :D We Miss Shayley awwww  haha well i wanna make that happen! im not sure if im good enough for her though! lol #ff #so to new #followers      cheers #followed back :-) no not at all :p No pararé hasta verte   #SpainwantsCherLloyd about to watch #jexyandiknowit for the first timeee :D RT  Yay my Junior MAFIA CD came today  #Conspiracy RT  If you want to be somebody, somebody really special, just be yourself baby .. Underworld rise of the lycans ditayangin kpn? , Wuii  .. can't wait :-) Thanks for sharing our post, Josh!  ^DL Congrats! You are amazing on #bigbangtheory, I hope you win! Guess who might be coming home sooner?? Your Armywifey that you probably don't remember! :p That would be me! that's great! I hope you do!  xx #FF to these two amazing people  and   #Follow them! Thx for following Im fan from Finland Sam is my fav RT  S/O to  !! RT  There is no demon in hell including the devil himself that can stand against that name."JESUS." Praise the Lord for his name! RT  Looking forward to tomorrow night with my gallies Being drunk sucks!!!!!  ;) xxxxx♥ NF   FOLLOW BACK Someone trying to use you cause they think yu "like" em.. Lol I'm nice but damn I'm no pushover. 

#StupidBoy Yes! I'm so jealous. I'd take one home too! i am not sure! really wanting to read another of Martina's! u reading anything good at the moment? Made a friend at the park the other day... &me 2 1st Tym :D RT  Huh?! Lol RT  I finally see ur face,  ...nyce avi...it is remainin Gozzz Im love the picture no but it sounds dirty. :D Morning darin ;;) have a nice day yaw...RT  Mowrning~ \m/ RT  Morning Just got a big black box in the mail from my man Thank you, well excited to meet them! :-) .xx HI please follow me? thanks :D New tires Very fair point  but i wear it too stylish for it to be scene it isnt in a mowhawk or with a massive fringe ;) Niall is just soo cute, I just want to hug him and he's amazing live!!  &lt;3 Hey booski RT    Hey ladies you're wayyyy too pretty for hhim anyways. He'll regret iit! You and me havve plans after light the night remember Work like you don’t need money, love like you’ve never been hurt, and dance like no one’s watching......Yeaaaaaah :D Good  I knew you could do it Oh yerrp, i just like tuna sandwiches too much to give them up New Polo clothes, wud up oh my god yess i totally agree! ah yeah okk  xxxxx aw I wish!! Lol jkk thank yaa At the game, with my team Finally saw heyyy Thanks for the follow RT  I wish I had a guy like Peeta to be all cute with  too bad he's a book character #sadlife RT  S.o.  :-) wow..nice avi☜ New video for "your apartment" from  and her new album coming in a couple weeks. i love forever the sickest kids! :D it's your birthday tomorrow  well HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you.. Hope its the BEST one ever .  heck with it have alot of cake Facetime  excite muchly New "likes" on facebook. Welcome owlets nooo! haha get yelloww! BRIIIIGHT YELLOOOWWW :DI highly doubt tht.lol you still my nigga tho it's cute how Natasha pronounces whiskey "viskey" :D :D haha you'll have to RT and ill announce who has won when i get to 1,300 will you be in the uk on the 3rd feb? cause thats my birthday! feel free to come and give me presents! SO 4 SO?  x Hey que ondas #FF a  looove you yea please do We should ask  Modern anytime soon??? hhhhhhh iknow i'm soo pretty :p This day just keeps getting better  #winning yeh! See you soon I'm sure!  xx Going to basketball games cause i get to see #oomf  too But then again, my taste in music isn't like most. :P #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK amen to that sister ! Preach it! u want to have a body like mrs ghena !! :p " Shootout too  for not giving me a shot last night doe." no problem! :D 6 meseees Plus the Academic demands are nearly non-existent :P really?..ehh too bad :P Good morning Reza, have a nice weekend ya :D Yep that house is definatly 'barfable' .. I mean crumbs urgh, not RT  NEW VID! Real Death Note!  :D Reminiscing on our good 'ol golf days   #goodtimes Lol kk  RT   see you there then ;) - oh no he rude af . Im cool : ) you say potato I say potato, you say tomato, I say tomato... Ready :-) Just need to do the final touches/effects on the instruments, vocals tomorrow with  , then the first single is done Get a life!!!! #Serious RT  Just The Way You Are was written for me  Right Sarah? thanks!! RT  #FF     THEY FOLLOW BACK!! *crosses everything* :P Alicia Is ALLL MINES! please follow me  #teamfollowback RT  Who remembers these Humble beginnings?! RT  I Love Flo From The Progressive Commercials lolol, noo it's not. I Got Highlights The Other Day... Picturess Soonnn.! :P Off to East Tamaki to check out the Lennox bathroom showroom. Hope it's cheap but not nasty :-) Yeah going over to The Arcadian! :-) oh how I love my bestie Essie K Nw Cadillac Records I can't wait to get my new glasses!!! weird, I have Claudia Witte tho. I'm offline now but my skype is glamorous.gurl89 request me once again  imma add you tmw out for a drink :-) RT  i dont tend to miss someone i loved, i just miss the feeling i get of how much they meant to me.. hi Jake, yes i got a twitter haha My next cover will hopefully be on youtube later :-) xxx No b small" TGIF.......by force church flexing :D cc Yep Im coming to UK if justin is gonna be there deffinetly :D aww got a package from my WU bestie Kayla : ) the CUTEST little fits for Devin i think i shall twit pic them don't want to seem nosey but I go Dmu & love it! Its better than I thought different to what you'd expect! RT  RT  Friday S/O : )         ... Goodnight, I have really to go 
Italy loves Chris Colfer :3
♥ I'll get by. And you're welcome Thats brilliant  Love hearing that about the boys! Great thanks Sancho! digo Salud Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless oh yeah! :D Took 2 tablet attempts multiple times  alot of crying and a bit of pinning him down but the sleeping med tablet has been swallowed  xx RT  Those are my girls! #SocialWorkersForTeenMom RT  Me, Kail, and Maci Gay pride ya'll night with  &   #ahhyeahh nothing is called i hate #reading, u just haven't met the right book yet YummmmRT  BWW for lunch yes maim Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless for sure!!!! Brighton & Shepherds Bush I'll be on the rock soon....and must catch up with  too :-) When you smile, I smile happy bday love live up :-) ahh, why? Btw I think I may get a BB, we can BBM each other :D what'd did you get? ) x RT RT RT RT RT RT RT FOLLOW MEE!!!  XXx  i could use a spliff right now!  lol good times we are beast :p Shoutout to my new followers!   & Off work :D controller-shirt  - totally badass!! want this for my wife!!! - I certainly agree! Especially since i am in....the east...  HAving a hard time with it now though Got a floor burn from doing the stanky leg & gotta wear a dress tmrw. #great #ohwell it was fun anyways I love my doggy  #sheissocute Mixed berry #7Up is amazing :-) .... You're welcome (for the free promo) lol RT  Countdown by Beyonce` will never get old :D no dont add ;), hows you emily haha RT  No plans for the weekend, sooo hmu If I see  and  at the tour in Dublin ! I'm just gonna yell how much I love their sons ..... Sorry  haha ya didnt expect it myself .. kinda wrote it without thinking bout it !!! :D xx If we did all the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves. Thomas Edison stuffed animal.  she's a little shy but she's so adorable oh whole wall sounds even better :D Is it too early for this :p I love winter, that means its drifting season I'm going to miss u tomorrow I know u love working when its snowing enjoy yourself :D LA ? Cali girl . . . Nice . . Nice to meet you . . Total honor  so you show interest in wrestling ? Heey Niall  How you doin' buddy ? xx #FF  I appreciate your support as well!You're welcome That happened.  RT  21:12 21:01:2012 cheyenne canton think I'm effete Movie night with my mom tonight I LOVE UU SOOOO MUCH ALWAYS MWAHH!! one did pick you up though I will do :D did i tell you that you were beautiful today Chinese it is! :-) this just made my day! Is there a site I can check this out on :p RT   hey hey hey... don't bash ALL freshmen. lol you should just be more straight forward and knock on their door :p Many thanks for follow bestwishes for 2012 this wine at the beginning was -_- but after half a bottle its starting to taste quite good  #LonelyFridayNight when everyone is out :/ Noooo ya esta en el cine la d the girl with the dragon tattoo!!!  tengo q apurarme a leer jajajajaja Yay! If we watch till the end of this disc from s5 today then  will get introduced to  character!! :D follow me please? :D &lt;33333 Sippn on a milkshake " Sick kid at home. Not many ops for pics. 


How's this? :-) haha I think it should be rightfully mine. -- getting ready then to the game with  and I'm dead excited! Thankyou  
Yeah perhaps. I don't knoooow.  
And defffooo! Mwaaaah! X On the bus w/ adira : ) RT  A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it’s based on the foundation you built together. hey it's gunna be a good weekend. Alhamdulillah thanks Allah you give me a chance to start this day from shubuh, Pray Shubuh first Sure will, Haha! He would never have won 'Ultimate Housemate' if Josie had stayed in :P here i am!! Guys go follow  please, she's amazing  #FF First week of the second semester is now over  I know that I'll love this one, GREAT teacher :D Plus, I have English classes :D aaaayyye go boo boo. I'm next week clyde pupa think I'm self-righteous waiting for bloody train. :-/ btw, Porn for you is like watching sitcom :p it is between, nicola, kirk, denise, michael and the twins ?! Or Romeo as he hasnt done much :P Xxx RT  I didn't know  was going to be at the #YPC2012 event tonight. Now I'm even more excited about going Hehe i just tricked someone into thinking that's me and ryan on the sofa in the only exception vid :P You certainly seem to have a fan in her. RT  #SOPA is dead! Oh yeah! :D The Internet is safe  #HappyEnding. ¿en serio? RT  Happy Birthday   !! know where i stand with you now. RT  S/O to my new follower RT    No blushing. You've earned it and get major credit from me for setting a high standard for women everywhere.  :D &lt;3 Thanks for finding me! " 😉😘   yeah us ! RT  I love those friends that know my house is always opened for them and always show up I've found my Mr. Fake(aka McDonald)..My Mr. Asshole(aka fomc)..I currently have my Mr. Player(aka #oomf)...soo I'm gd Mr. Right is next :-) #SpoiledBRAT & I love it yes it is!  now i'm just reading tweets and you? I love you. Not in the creepy way, in the "I look up to your awesomeness" way.  #imawkwardhi thanks - me dos  well of you go now I'll meet you in my dreams! Lol  rt please you on?? Silent lips may avoid many problems, but smiling lips will solve many problems.  /via :D watching bb because its awesome :D guys that do girl poses in pics.. yepp now we know whose gay RT  RT if Michael Jackson can make you smile. En la calle con    y keep trying to bring me down cause #itsnotworking RT " How old Do I Look ?" 17,18 YESSS!!! One day hopefully I'll meet you and  and Kimi!! :D :D thank u kindly sir I always hope I have some french fries left at the bottom of the bag after all the rest are gone.... I'm never disappointed! :-) #McDonalds thx. aw! ur sweet #FF AWWWRH Thank you again  And Nokia C3, I got It Cuz It Hot Pink (L) hahaha i really like it too! :D I hope we get custody of her so she can stay with us as long as she wants lol no , I'm nice : ) Yes I wish I could have went to Canada to meet them  lol but I know I got some of my friends hooked too chicken burger everytime!  I really should try something new there... (: x I LOVE ketchup   #ThatIsAll SOPA AND PIPA ARE DEAD!! THE INTERNET WON :D #stopsopa hahah im not even spoilt you are more!! You have paul and ur mom and dad to buy you goods! :p hahha your welcome.. Ohh thanks it was Sachs haha #FF hey hey !! do you have any leaks :-) lol x Out of practice , going home & taking a fucking napppp I think I like them for all the reasons people dislike them :D hope they stayyy! xxx #Tweet4,000  a mi amor platonico Calm down its playing Around RT  :-) im soooo happy this morning ii lost the best friend ii was meant to lose bitch as fake as the person she PRETEND to b :-) nah I'm rubbish at it! &lt;3 Yes Loll Big Time Fever! Lmao xD I've had that since 09; haha and well other than being sick pretty good  Hbu? lolx thanx Yep! I think we have great life plans ahead of us, lets ditch education and just go for it :P LIWNWWWW PETHAINW AUTOKTONWWWW TELEIA. XD erxomai lemeee :P oh don't worry about it!  #keepyaposted thanks girly been Live Alday ! : ) Rachel, I've been trying for months! Please follow me, I love you so much, dear! Xoxo from Brazil  23 Here's my pork chop recipe   shared it on her blog :-) best with Glos Old Spot pork made a nice little stop before going home today. very much worth it  #excited love the screenshot, is that from the new FE? :-) it aint hopeful... its realistic and completely do-able. Bra's - So muchmore handy than a wallet t5abalt ana shu? :P kela drug addicts and alcoholRT  Me, Niall and Louis are following the next 100 to follow  .. Hurry! :D .x I GOT THE JOB YAYY :-) :-) :-) #BecauseOfYou i cant see myself wit anyone else but you :-) aww last year,im sure you will do brill!!im okay thanks :-) yes mate good thinking thanks sis, come with your knuckle head brother for my home meet but anyways she not about to ruin my week, it was good all together another #FF to Doris! We all know you're about 4574930 :P #GranniesAndBikinisDontMix ;) on twitter in my french class RT   lol : ) my valentine is beautiful !!! #BecauseOfYou I have an amazing best friend woe unto the unlucky man :D yep! From Josh  4$ ea. RT   can't wait to try it! Coffee Cake available? Owwweee um feeling me self right now Got 50 Dollars for food , im bouta leave  hahah #ImOut please follow back !! we have similar musical tastes I think thanks what about the voice of holland? :D
Yay for #spoonerisms \o/
*waves hands* thank you according to my mom, my grandma just put a blanket around her and said 'now I'm like Harry Potter'. awesome :D Shopping til we drop   #elizabethholbrook if I jumped every time somebody wants something I'd be their pet lol; with more than 2 or 3 you gotta be ruthless No, she has not, there are only fan twitter accounts! Love Your Cheeks to ~ N ell I try not to . I'm always the one who take people home after the parties :P Textinggg Myy Booo ' Youu Knoee Howww I Doessss would you mind maybe sharing wit hme? :D isnt following me yet :P Mr Frankiiiiii :D *hugs* thats where mine's going, on my left one :P :O nahh dawg  when do you want to get it? Were on a tough schedule. i am sure that u will love this :D love this pic from chloe's ipod :D heyy  can you please tweet  she's a big fan of yours from the UK, and a Tweet would mean a lot! .. Probably true, but will freely admit to behaving like a kid sometimes!  Of course, now have #AppleEnvy as u have the S model it's  not mosafa  3ayez fakhfakheena ba2a ok  thanks  happy lexieeee Okeee. Sudaaaaah  RT   check your DM~ Watching Arthur. MetLounge playing Rooftops - Lost Prophets and Sail On - We Are Fiction :D yay! Has no idea how to tweet.
Going with the flow haha. 
Waiting for  to teach me Haha don't be :D I tried to drive a car at age of 10 xD Mhyy HOE Text Mehhh  #hissGIRL #BecauseOfYou I'm more happier than ever  Thanks for all you done ;) " Two can keep a secret if one of them is dead"RT lemme guess...pretty little liars follow back? your welcumm thanks for that! You wont be seeing much more of him in this tournament anyway :-) goodd. see ya later then following you back now  keep me up to date with all the Borlase gossip :D lots of loveee xxxxx of is a jasmine flower with some stuff drawn around it! Cas Jasmine is me and its also a symbol of love in hindu..! :D QT  Interesting RT   Cos each one is a different story imy sis RT   cute :D okay, we bought a house, and we don't like all the stuff that it has so we are changing it an it's called remodeling  questions ? Natasha & I are gonna be going to work with my bf when he gets home from LA with his dad I'm so excited to find out what goodies are in my  Bonus Box! I'm hoping for a  lip shimmer yeah  and I really do ;), I know I've only known you a little while but your just a real girl :P and yep :D xxxx Someone wanna help me with a Database project and be the bestest person in the world!? hey man, would you mind sharing the 3.24 ruu w others ?? Would really appreciate it Get to see my niece today follow a yeaah okk :'D 2morra we're gonna meet holly in town :D xxxx I wish      and  would follow me!!  pretty please #followme :D " Loving the boyfriends new car ". Me too! :D Mek Wi Buss Ah Fuck Boy, We Dont Even Haffi Naked....#FreakySneaky the first step of the treatment is to admit to yourself and others that you have anorexia... So. shit u talking about a girls night out!!! Lol lets go !!! I can sneak the snacks in :-) have a great weekend! :D and let's elevate  ♪ Fancy asking me something? Anything? you got so much Masala thanks Yeah of course :D ? I like that idea :D xx Ben Burdayım :D nope, you are :P RT   go follow  you wont regret , i swear. she loves & supports you so much! just click on her follow button thank you! Made it right away after getting an email from sopastrike.com. I took down my blog Jan. 18 across all time zones Now this is what I call a dinner :-) woo! ... Dont "quote" me boy, I ain't said shit  :p ahh yes hustle is on! so much love for matt di angelio RT  S/O to everybody who brush their teeth and wash their face every morning Have you ever been in Spain? Awweeeee your twitcon I'm definitely game :-) x yes yes yes i did I would have to agree :-) RT People ask me what's the biggest advantage of #RSNT team? I answer Meet Max. He's cute sure you did fine. You can only do your best and if you worked hard on the subject I'm sure it will show in the result. well I hope you start to feel better haha wait i forget wat i said! :P My bff is the best Nicola and michael to leave! #CBB:D Karma + Carabás + Mogor all together. hai algo máis #teenpontevedra? My brother loves me YES! - so i'm watching #BoysNTheHood , & as many times i've seen this I never new Trey & his girl had sex lol . im slowww :D RT  Save Denzy, Romeo,Natalie,Nicola Guys! Get the twins and michael out please  #cbb WE WANT A DISNEY THEMED WEEK ON GLEE twitition.com/kyezd it's almost eaaaasy what about boys with underwear thongs? #Auseenteee :D RT  lol. Im tall!!! maybelle is still short! :P Lol I'll Take It Snuggle Bug : ) christin warrell think I'm feeble neal think I'm right and praiseworthy "  Got something in your throat? I bet I can get it out with my tongue" PERVERT! Jason probs appreciates it :P 15 more minutes and I'm done Just Fa Dat Oomf Not Gett'n Dat Pic i Was Bouta Send... Lol :p Thanks for the mention!  Have a good weekend! :D RT  :D :p " I'll getchu l8r #OkBye! RT "Perv_HerMit: *yinmu* Hian!" We do! RT "Perv_HerMit: #FF  ,car elle est trop sympa :P RT  #FF our lovely new followers continued.. NP...This love-Maroon 5 !!! ...She say good bye!! ..... :D :D love it hear no evil,speak no evil & see no evil and supporting a good thing an all very beautiful Aynen ofludur kendisi Beyaz show My favorite song is:Down to earth, Up, Pray, Never Say Never and Mistletoe &lt;3 :D  70 Tahajjud mas  RT  .............. i nearly agree and i am a  united fan just joking  thought  dixon was better;) RT  #NF  follow back :D it's really thanks to you that I got on twitter! You and the need to procrastinate during exams. Please follow me  !! #MUCHLOVE #Jadenators  4 LOL @ the "Opening Instructions" on 175g Cadburys bags. "Put down & Walk Away" instructions would be better but hey...... :-) best not head to that pub then :P its ironic that they always smell like gas in a chemistry lab :P Thank you! :D xx ME: Omghhkp I'm in love  
Him: with?
ME: __
20 minutes later
ME:best friend ...is so cute 
Her: ewww
Him: your not in love well i bet he did!! :D Hey! Do I get bonus points if i get you two more followers? a CUTE dork :D Going to laughlin! So pumped  #minivaca let's develop and maintain our sexy bodies year round! We can share health tips. LET'S DO IT! Follow meeeeee! i voted on you paul :-) jehh “  ok then lets start the first part of the plan meeting the boys! :D” oh that's easy, they live next door to me paul !!!! u are amazing hope ur through I can't wait to see  in action  that could mean so many things lol follow back please haha idk cuz it was funny :P Ah. Didnt see any lmao :P Contente de te voir sur twitter ! hahahaha keep your fingers crossed : ) & she will be loved. - when am I coming over ? I know my mom misses me :P followed BBM is addicting :P RT  So excited to finally announce,  + I are the new  Girls!  Here’s a brand NEW pic: like 2 or 3 RT  Girl: "Please lie to me" Boy: "Why?" Girl: "Just do it" Boy: "I don't love you" Why na dont be selfish na" No food 4 u jare.."  Oya give me add let me be on my way:"jummie_bee: Rice n beans... :D """ & u not serving him is not what he want, now goodbye and have a blessed day if u can. Across the USA, to Las Vegas. Nearly there now.  It has been amazing. Ugly people on my TL ..  :P I thank you  #caramac This is me 
Love me -- Hate me 
I really don't care passed my SoL's && Examss ! &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; yayy : ) Oh did he? His name is Adrian Lester, isn't it? I'm loving this episode so far, he did a brilliant job!  xxx You can move it to my house if you hate it.   I'm sure it's been "well-loved" just enough for me. Ha! That makes me feel so much better Goood mooorniiiing!!! :D #excited *blushes* I'm the last idiot standing... :D certainly #FollowMeJaden #Jadenators PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEE! :D TE AMO♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT   u want to have a body like mrs ghena !! :p MICHAL MAKE TWITTER PLEASE  there, and you best be joking haha! :O follow back please ? I hope your doing good Hello , Ok I will answer if i can HAHAHAHA i want chocolate!!!! sonja think I'm prodigal and careless your chilliwack tweets help me out so much haha! Thanks My fortune YEEEEEEEEES. I've always been on, but on  :p RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x RT  FREE Rottweiler x Bullmastiff - 6 months old - needs a new home. RT this please followers Fllwd RT   followback ? yeeeessssRT   try to come tonight ! :* "  Aiit tnks x" Corset   xx #CHARMAGNEBLOGSHERETOO RT we should go on an adventure darlin  like the kind in LordOfTheRings..  &gt;:D Workin for the Y today! Oh how ive missed my kiddos im in your mind, but PHYSICALLY #Nf  follow back Thirty seconds to Penguin? RT  i saw  today & he wasent bout nun One of the greatest things of working with little kids? Being able to go to work with no make up on and still being told you're pretty! RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about haha awwh, and ima go to a friends house, no shopping :p lol hby? RT  There is more Power in the name of Jesus than any other name in the universe! 1/21/12 -11am - KF Ballroom! RT  I can't wait to Re-Do my VISION BOARD for 2012 !!!!  1/21/12 Vision Board Brunch! You're missing out, seriously they're hilarious :p Coucou !!!   ( live ondrive carefully Nidge..have a fab day both of you :-) xxx RT  One of these days ima make  talk to me over the phone in spanish :-) hahaaa goo luck with that ;) i'm unbeatable :P sitting here watching doctor who with my dad :D :D Karma + Carabás + Mogor all together. hai algo máis #teenpontevedra? My brother loves me YES! - so i'm watching #BoysNTheHood , & as many times i've seen this I never new Trey & his girl had sex lol . im slowww :D RT  Save Denzy, Romeo,Natalie,Nicola Guys! Get the twins and michael out please  #cbb WE WANT A DISNEY THEMED WEEK ON GLEE twitition.com/kyezd it's almost eaaaasy what about boys with underwear thongs? #Auseenteee :D RT  lol. Im tall!!! maybelle is still short! :P Lol I'll Take It Snuggle Bug : ) christin warrell think I'm feeble neal think I'm right and praiseworthy "  Got something in your throat? I bet I can get it out with my tongue" PERVERT! Jason probs appreciates it :P 15 more minutes and I'm done Just Fa Dat Oomf Not Gett'n Dat Pic i Was Bouta Send... Lol :p Thanks for the mention!  Have a good weekend! :D RT  :D :p " I'll getchu l8r #OkBye! RT "Perv_HerMit: *yinmu* Hian!" We do! RT "Perv_HerMit: #FF  ,car elle est trop sympa :P RT  #FF our lovely new followers continued.. NP...This love-Maroon 5 !!! ...She say good bye!! ..... :D :D love it hear no evil,speak no evil & see no evil and supporting a good thing an all very beautiful Aynen ofludur kendisi Beyaz show My favorite song is:Down to earth, Up, Pray, Never Say Never and Mistletoe &lt;3 :D  70 Tahajjud mas  RT  .............. i nearly agree and i am a  united fan just joking  thought  dixon was better;) RT  #NF  follow back :D it's really thanks to you that I got on twitter! You and the need to procrastinate during exams. Please follow me  !! #MUCHLOVE #Jadenators  4 LOL @ the "Opening Instructions" on 175g Cadburys bags. "Put down & Walk Away" instructions would be better but hey...... :-) best not head to that pub then :P its ironic that they always smell like gas in a chemistry lab :P Thank you! :D xx ME: Omghhkp I'm in love  
Him: with?
ME: __
20 minutes later
ME:best friend ...is so cute 
Her: ewww
Him: your not in love well i bet he did!! :D Hey! Do I get bonus points if i get you two more followers? a CUTE dork :D Going to laughlin! So pumped  #minivaca let's develop and maintain our sexy bodies year round! We can share health tips. LET'S DO IT! Follow meeeeee! “  ok then lets start the first part of the plan meeting the boys! :D” oh that's easy, they live next door to me paul !!!! u are amazing hope ur through I can't wait to see  in action  that could mean so many things lol follow back please haha idk cuz it was funny :P Ah. Didnt see any lmao :P Contente de te voir sur twitter ! hahahaha keep your fingers crossed : ) & she will be loved. - when am I coming over ? I know my mom misses me :P followed BBM is addicting :P RT  So excited to finally announce,  + I are the new  Girls!  Here’s a brand NEW pic: like 2 or 3 RT  Girl: "Please lie to me" Boy: "Why?" Girl: "Just do it" Boy: "I don't love you" Why na dont be selfish na" No food 4 u jare.."  Oya give me add let me be on my way:"jummie_bee: Rice n beans... :D """ & u not serving him is not what he want, now goodbye and have a blessed day if u can. Across the USA, to Las Vegas. Nearly there now.  It has been amazing. Ugly people on my TL ..  :P I thank you  #caramac This is me 
Love me -- Hate me 
I really don't care passed my SoL's && Examss ! &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; yayy : ) Oh did he? His name is Adrian Lester, isn't it? I'm loving this episode so far, he did a brilliant job!  xxx You can move it to my house if you hate it.   I'm sure it's been "well-loved" just enough for me. Ha! That makes me feel so much better Goood mooorniiiing!!! :D #excited *blushes* I'm the last idiot standing... :D certainly #FollowMeJaden #Jadenators PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEE! :D TE AMO♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT   u want to have a body like mrs ghena !! :p MICHAL MAKE TWITTER PLEASE  there, and you best be joking haha! :O follow back please ? I hope your doing good Hello , Ok I will answer if i can HAHAHAHA i want chocolate!!!! sonja think I'm prodigal and careless your chilliwack tweets help me out so much haha! Thanks My fortune YEEEEEEEEES. I've always been on, but on  :p RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x RT  FREE Rottweiler x Bullmastiff - 6 months old - needs a new home. RT this please followers Fllwd RT   followback ? yeeeessssRT   try to come tonight ! :* "  Aiit tnks x" Corset   xx #CHARMAGNEBLOGSHERETOO RT we should go on an adventure darlin  like the kind in LordOfTheRings..  &gt;:D Workin for the Y today! Oh how ive missed my kiddos im in your mind, but PHYSICALLY #Nf  follow back Thirty seconds to Penguin? RT  i saw  today & he wasent bout nun One of the greatest things of working with little kids? Being able to go to work with no make up on and still being told you're pretty! RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about haha awwh, and ima go to a friends house, no shopping :p lol hby?Don't nobody wanna be in yo area female! Tuh I'm in Va now :p RT  Girl get out of my area RT Kween_Royale: 24 mi til Bmore! lol thanks  ^.^ tnx hun  and en sha2 allah ! “ #FF  Let's go get some beautiful people to follow you.”

I wish  lol Cumberbatch's voice = Rickman's voice - So thanks to some of my friends (YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE :D ) I’ve been... awesome!  free pancakes for us ! Thank you! I go ALL the time! QT  I wish i could take you thrifting with me, you create masterpieces !! Yess Out Of That #Prison We All CaLL SchooL :P Thank god it's Friday! Goin out with my girls tonight! noooooothing  tomorrow is going to be goooood - bring any movies if you have any :D (: Yeah Yeah :P You're welcome :-) Listening to certain songs even though they give you memories and make you feel like shit benjamin perot think I'm cuckolded i know :( But my dad said me that I can go to Berlin but i can't be there alone... :'( Maybe you go to Berlin?  &lt;3 cant you give it to me as a token of ur appreciation of me being the perfect fwend :P thats a relief, thought ya may have been in a accident or something :-) one of the downside's of youth im afraid , all been at work and ready to kill. Only so much stupid I can take in one night. Roll on midnight and voddie time Forget the snow, see the show. TARZAN at Bradford High 7:30 hahaha. I do enjoy "super charging" things.  But I heard that using a charger that isn't for your device is bad for it... seeing that you followed me, made my day! xx thank you so much  &i love gotta be you and cant wait to start secrets! cleaning & Tweetn I love you ! I've been a fan since day one, follow me #ilovemyfans #ILOVEMYBELIEBERS  ! =( try hard frown upside down meet me afta work?  or do you sleep at night time now? ayeee ,  rep in the 2-6 in her avi ! tough shit got real when #oomfs told me they had Saturday school for 3 hours , lmaooo : ) I challenged you to a game of SCRAMBLE with friends -me + u= Wizard :p :p RT  Me & u abi?! Nice combo! "fweshberry: Wizard :p RT Flint_Knight: (cont) for president!!! :D so when is this return then bitch? Yeah baby is getting bigger.  You wished you looks as good as me :-) whatsapp...? Okay bye :P “ My what's up has refused to connect just cos I restarted my fon - that app de33 smh!!” you to :p RT THIS, BELIEBERs follow me!  i'll follow yu back (; &lt;3 ehehe. i'm great thankyou babe .. yourself?  xx Beyaz show :D RT  Only god can judge me so I dont give 1234567890987654321234567890 fucks what you think :-) 1 word. EGO. It means alot + I haven't seen any of that in my timeline now just watched #TheHangover Amazin movin lol :D Coucou !!!  ( live on Nah I wasnt, tho I was with Jeff for the first part PLEASE follow me jaden i love you alot and tryig to get your attention long time please make my daay  xxx💙 much love #90 well then that's a crap load of luck :p me, faye and steph are all ready on! can you do a 4 person call? :D xxx yayy I'll be seeing your pretty face tomorrow you too. RT  #Ff My Bestfriend  She Kept It Real Witta Nigga And She Khold Af But Follow Her I'm ready RT  !!!!! RT   three the hard way next weekend  dogg party RT  #FF           : ) ♥ yes boss :P how are you rebel? to your.. One tweet.  Lol !!!!!!RT      y'all ready for spring break  ? I love you, your amazing. Broke my heart to see you left #TBR :'( Your amazing, make sure you know that I love phineas and ferbs song :D thought you didn't like twitter :P haha thanks! No it rained on weds, it'll be clear for a while It's bright & HOT Can I sneak into your curl collection from time to time then?Mmmmmm Mick. If you are helping decorate the middle school please get here as soon as you can I love getting my back rubbed  #heaven Yeah, I'm just watching TV and then gonna take a shower and go to bed. I'm getting up early tomorrow morning :P RT  Dear  You are so sexy. Your voice is like freshly whipped butter on a cloud of love. Me+you= mmmmmmmmm Awww!!! How happy does Emily Barlow look on the stage? :D She's her daddy's girl! thanks Dave! cool, was hoping for that answer :-) RT  #payday :-) RT  Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless. yeah i can sense that already.  Believe Tour To Middle East RT  #FF  ! ! :D this music is not my type but i love it still :D and this song aww :] #onedirection cause they think you cute :p lol &lt;3 0ur convos obviously  yeah rocking that white bbm.. I'm watching new new Jersey Shore here! #yeahbuddy follow back please ? I love anatomy. This class should be fun Family  RT  #Vote #SoulisticMusic as best record label for the #SADjMagAwards . Sms BRL1 to 33079 RT  See what you miss in Biology when your off  !?!?!?!?!? Can i get some #FF ? that happens to me more than I would like to admit goodluck text &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Girl your Mouth is so Outstanding Sounds fab haha. 15 minutes to go and counting :D ahaha, i'm just saying, unfollow me now if you're easily offended, i curse an awful lot :D And some fifa before I head out Nice to meet you too yees , dont be sad and listen 1D Having a good night with tash and jade  x Yup, landed right by my foot. Hey, nice choice. Wood handle. Dual side blades. Oh yeah, you can kill some fools with this. haha that would be awesome I CR-V you  #hondahumor when u r in a vacation it doesn't mean ur life is out of stress !  some people enjoy making u depressed and sad !  thank u ! #WeLoveYouPaul thank you! Simply the best :-) Please follow me  !! #MUCHLOVE #Jadenators  14 i love the music of you :D Mmmmhmmmmm ! :p RT   shutup its cute ! lol yes sir happy birthday cool. Speak before then of course :pnow following I just saw Whittle too RT   aye babe. i'll get my account back :p i got an email from twitter
 hehe Look what  picked up for me. Cute & tasty Not too bad :D I don't want to now Thanks to all the practices for being cancelled so the dance team could practice in the gym jacklyn think I'm misanthropic Ima vote for romeo then opefuli he might wanna link me agen :D #cbb RT  RT   u can't be trusted lol«don't let that stop u  «« Do I have a death sentence? KMT Otherwise, I've only ever vlogged about being a wanna be writer. I'm still a pretty big vlog newb, but I'm game. #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK well if u keep writing it i will keep reading :D x We got 3 family Can't get a  #wordinedgeways cuz ur tweets r constant! Please! Please! go back to college soon. My fone is burnin up I can hear the song in my head! Hey,  can you play "Give Your Heart A Break" by Demi Lovato? Thanks Haircut and then ODR :D had 3 2nds in 10 mins earlier haha but i also had 12 winners most of em at big prices RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. lol, like my Janessa Brazil moment :P I Follow you :D For going up to him & giving him a hug lol I lovvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeee youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu bby girl robby think I'm 297. Obtained  RT  " Who want this s\o for ma 7000 tweet" Meee That moment you get a one call just because you know something's going to be cancelled will do! Enjoy the weekend. ive never heard about someone eating a cupcake with a fork =O:-) ur weird :-) Thanks congrats Oh haha well NZ is like the champions of rugby, and we have rugby everywhere in NZ :L Norway = vikings right? :D Post lots of incriminating pix, have lots of fun & y'all miss me lots! :D on oovoo with iris &&' peeing lol that's horrible :p thank you guyyyyyyys  nerves ahaha what up Sushi for late lunch. I agree I gotta stick around to see how #gold closes the week spellcheck much? :-) RT  It have been nice to server you, it’s time to say goodbye till tomorrow morning at 5AM,Good night. ^GM RT  Thanks guys! :D 202! Also thanks sweedums for the shout out ;D  x. christi milholland think I'm depressing and discouraging RT  I enjoyed my day i agree thats alright :-) xx ahhhh. Business law has a large amount of reading, but you learn quite a bit of useful information :D #goodluck carter!!! I hung out with your mom today How can you not? They are the best. ready for seven to get here My newborn baby niece Leah is soooo adorable. Can't wait to see her :-) Being extra good for your parents when you want something Aw jansen said I looked pretty today  hes sucha sweetie to me.  listen from the heart not from the mind &lt;3 xxx LOOOL ! ." Thought so  RT  Algebraic equation RT  What's this? RT  28a246a0 " Happy weekend everybody! enjoy it! Best time of the week I know you see my Tweets!!! But someday you just might push that retweet button. no more will be said. RT   Aey, anganeyalla. Chumma chodithathaa... *entammo* Sophisticated and gangsta too yes we do! :D i was actually thinking about buying it online today :L RT  honestly i love my life!!! anything i want i get :-) #651 - your icon is gorgeous Chips.  ♥ I love baking with my mommy  #bonding awww it's fine amz I'm glad you liked it  xxx Okay baby! Miss you! See you in 15 mins then  &lt;3 You call me, Haywee  #Duh need to work a lil' (just a lil') & when I'm back in 1 hour or so, let's do a contest/game to win an official signed  pic :-) soon 9 days left :P Wow it must be really shit being a twin . Its bad enough just having one of me , let alone 2 :p Oui exactement  ! When Ur Gone The Face I Came 2 knw is missing too drive careful, it's really coming down out there sweetie Weekend of Dancing, need to sleep first! early night for me! :D RT  A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it’s based on the foundation you built together. Awwww my mom just bought me a new north face , Ben and Jerry ice cream , Wendy's and gave me money to go to the game : ) #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK good. Problem with text based conversation I guess.. :-) Yaay I'm collecting funny design stories. IF you have any, please share at 'seniordesignmoments :-) so so jealous :p Hi from  and I :-) would you be able to play  Damini or Hollowpoint Sniper Hyperbole? I'd love ya forever you are an inspiration to me :D wet day on the slopes :P hope it snows tomorrow I'm so in love with today ! Watching roll bounce and eatin this greek food my step mom brought home exit. go follow my another tweet I am soo happy after accessing to my old  account after 2 years I can't believe i guess the password nd got it right after 2 year RT  All my favorite people are on Voxer now.     :D HEY BOO! Following back :-) “ #NF my cousin  cousin!!!” such a productive morning " #BecauseOfYou I'll never stray too far from the sidewalk" you should meet our managing editor  she will be joining us for lunch during #nyfw :-) Volleyball today you're welcome Paul fans het is the voice of Holland niet engeland ofzo Follow me pleasee#FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK ah cool, I'm in the north west parts :P lol xx Centreville to hang with ma boo &lt;333 RT  Friday! The weekend is finally here! Maybe you've got a date this weekend...lucky for you we've got some advice haha, don't you get emails saying who's followed you? And I know- I've just got the email :p thanks  xx RT  Not long to go until our gorgeous festival! It's shaping up to be blooming lovely  Sunday 29th Jan at Paintworks, FREE entry PLS RT x thanks guys - This is incredible at its finest  #1 on Google - ehh, not much.. lol gonna get ready in a bit tho  wby? RT   np &lt;3 and i hope so :P #NeverSayNever Bouncing and singin 'Celebration' in bed with Jordy  x Thanks love You Should Come Tomorrow! Thanks for the retweets!  @ niekolaos These great memories from xmas are making me so happy ingrid think I'm heat and impatience Awkward moment right now :p *kisses you back* :-) Thank you, I needed that. I get to go home early today! just got home  studio bound in a few
^.^ RT  this friendship w . #1omf is the friendship ivee alwayss wanted henry dravland think I'm overdrawn you are a delight online and off  so glad to have been able to hit on you last night. -Hee Didntt Comee To School Todaay , -But We Workedd It Out :D Oh yes, lots to do :D Starting with finishing TC :p xxxxx yes ;) chickpea humus also  when shall i arrive ? ask your mommy ur name couldn't fit lol I love u too baby doll ! RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x Congratz to  and  on the birth of their son....! :-) awesome, you should make more house items ! :D gay.. Let's boycott this ish : ) Come on FANS! Let's go - getting closer to 100 views, take a break with me. follow meee pleaseeee , im a fan youuuu RT  ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER  we love u :D PLEASE follow me jaden i love you alot and tryig to get your attention long time please make my daay  xxx💙 much love #101 will do!! :-) Aww cheers gorgeous, you're too kind!  x RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. They hate me if I ring up on the day though. :P Plus I want ze monies. Team no tats That's unlucky for Mark! Just run out of position which was gutting. Was really willing him on for that 147 shouting the house down! I think I knew who that tweet was about, hahaha. If you need any life, critical illness or income protection insurance advice, just ask us on Twitter - be happy to help you :-) im fine, watching the news....im wondering, have there been news about romanian protests on tv in ur country? :D “  is my totes favorite senior in my life. #shecompletesme She is soooo pretty and funny!” you are so nice yea I want one bad..but I'm getting a car in august :D Believe Tour is going to be fearless ... If Justin comes to Sweden ... Nah jk it's gonna be fearless lmao you can be red if you want  as long as we agree jade is orange turtle :D i am not good ! haha  ( live on Hey! If you dig great music, please check out and follow follow back please ? RT  #5 When boys sing like RT  Friday! The weekend is finally here! Maybe you've got a date this weekend...lucky for you we've got some advice handball Tweet 1. 5 4 3 2 1 ... #followmejaden &lt;33  I love you to pluto and back :D &lt;3333 #neversaynever #RealGs leaannnnnnnnn OMG!!! I can proudly say your new single #Twilight is an addiction  love it :D Amanda your beautiful xxxx Thanks :-) ! Great ! RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly a. im not to young to drive i have me license and b. whos assed say what. U that good really you and a book does it have pictures :-) hi  question...you knw how busy #boracay is during end of March beginning of April? music practice! I love music  it makes me soooo happy. Ooops I meant to say bought a whole chicken and going to start COOKING something we'll see what it turns into on a cold snow stormy eve Home in a great mood  !! Evening you lovely lot :-) can you say somethin in french please :D ( live on RT  " No #ff from  that's cause I'm SAVEN the BEST for last  #Duhh••• :-P Having a good night with Deano playing the Xbox :D Fifa12 &lt;3 Roll on 2moz, wee half day then off to Ibrox to watch the Champions! #Drink? RT  A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it’s based on the foundation you built together. hey  I exist :D aw idk. pretty sure she will be though  Just about perfect :-) “ Females learn to talk earlier, use sentences earlier, and learn to read more quickly than males.” #GirlPower that bus ride home tho  . &gt; We Miss Shayley is trending. :-) We love you.  ♥ 2 RT  :D :D I LOVE HOUSE MUSİC i freaked out when i found out you'd be following us. I love you so much and it would mean the world if you noticed me please follow me  5 ya okay My baby better had called daddy watch this it will make you laugh it made me :D -  &lt;3 Theres Gum in the middle of this Thing ?!?!? :D ' This kid is pumped for prom!! #Np what you need . This song makes me wanna do some things  lol Lovely conversation with the fam, time to update ipod and play cod :D Thank you guys! Honestly cheers for the messages and that!  x #happydays love you too :P Worst double date ever! But I wasn't about to waste this good hair! Going to play at work w/ RT  BELIEVE TOUR TO ITALY YAAAAAAY! &lt;3 haha i figured thats what the thumbs up was when you guys drove by  Congrats girl! Thank you I'll see hoe I get it! and yeah I know bahaha so funny  #loveyou Baby! Dzr a moms ai- q next weekend tou afim d dormir ai wid u... #sleepovaGoing golfing with my daddy! currentlyyyy #ThingsICantStand when people don't RT my tweets :D So excited its friday       #tgif Thank you very muuuch!! :D year 3000!! :D ( live on hehe, I'm right on it at the moment :-) #nosweets :-) update : DIY Colored Ends Using Chalk! Hair Chalking #BecauseOfYou im a better & stronger person; i dont let people use me no more! thank you for everything ♥. You are so Talented boy! ♥
- please follow me  
#iloveyou #neversaynever Trapeando watch this video of the lovely & talented So good follow back ?  xx hahah laish mashofon y3ni. walla so exciting, go watch now :p lol well ur wish will come true in 3 weeks time :p then u be saying u miss me :p bettye scherma think I'm casual and transient No plans tonight ... This happens every Friday wat to doooo... I'm shoppin today tho Why does washing clothes have too take soo damn long ! It's 2012 make something faster !! Thanks lavelle think I'm odd I'm doing good !  & yesss we do i miss you too!! &lt;3 Well then we're conquering for our own. It's New England Pizza Kitchen now :P Ohh :3 How long dd you get suspended for? :p &Kambri STFU! I ain ALWAYS tryna fight! man i hope joshua wasnt playing with it the most beautiful and talented singer i've ever known and seen  simply gorgeous smashin subway w/ cuzzo  , finna roll up : ) Today's the dayyyy well jealous lol u seem to have a lot to look forward too these days haha it wasn't really depressing, just a bit... dull really... oooh! that looks fabulous!!  I'm getting very excited about the - RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday :( Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday  Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" so musset sein :D RT  YEAH.. (Clearing Throat) WHO???&lt;&lt;&lt;me, my bestie, and YOU! i'm sorry for you; too bad! I hope you recover soon and if you feel sick maybe you should go to rest right now! :D RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. not yet hun...they'll be starting soon! can't wait! in my purse #FF      follow emm :P RT   cannot wait till your gig! got sooo many peeps coming! ;)  you know that's right :P RT  Alhamdolillah for Awakening  I would like to thank you guys for believing in me. Indeed you are among the main keys to my success )) my hotel is booked Its friggin humongus :-) My VX220 Turbo is for sale if anyone fancies it :-) RT  Workin to achieve N50million...all I need..is to find Sokoto :D | God help me O !!! Thanks for the #FF! :-) I'm not sure it's a comedy  xxx exactly what I did lol sweatpants and hair up :p haha yeah it is! spn rocks I'm so jealous! lol. have fun RT  Dear  You are so sexy. Your voice is like freshly whipped butter on a cloud of love. Me+you= mmmmmmmmm Wine, fruit, and chocolate coffee balls, thanks to the best company ever  #ilovemyjob RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!!! :-) :-) :-) paul 3131 Hee. I actually have that in one my "fun" pools. hahaha  god we have some random conversations :L xx " Romeo is looking hot in his eviction suit #CBB" • Omg omg tweet me a pic RT   2chainz will be  TONIGHT! Come out for a FUN&MEMORABLE NIGHT!!!  😝☺😉 lmaooooo . Hey !!!! : ) & he aint here we have many servers, in particular this is a new one to replace an older one. what, performing the chicken dance in public and wearing false teeth at every opportunity?....I see what you mean :P xx my friend had to get her wee black pug,Zsa Zsa, put down this wk, so sad but had a fab wee life she did :-) #FF  amazing girl  follow her guys RT  Theres Gum in the middle of this Thing ?!?!? :D ' Such a beauty day already Awe thanks sweetie, I love ya! LIKE MINE? :D In exactly 9 Months I will be marrying my best friend and become Mrs. Aaron Anderson! yup yup I'm a rude asshole  thanks ASHLEY!  ...cough ..bitch..cough lol thanks :D .. lol wow smh I'm gettin accepted to colleges and I can't even spell congratulation right, that's a shame RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. ennit one day we will get lucky ;) and ok  unit is a joker thanks :-) people who keep their promises make me happy. Xxx PLEASE follow me jaden i love you alot and tryig to get your attention long time please make my daay  xxx💙 much love #107 strange question, what colour are his eyes? I'd be weak at the knees and shaky, so nervous but it would be worth it  x My first tweet ever :D Tweet 4. 5 4 3 2 1 ... #followmejaden &lt;33  I love you to pluto and back :D &lt;3333 #neversaynever #RealGs good attitude  xx well no, I did mean it :D but you do look nice  I really like your top btw! please follow me  #neversaynever Listening to Can't Stand It by Never Shout Never Thank you!! good thanks I'd play kids rather than greedy or lazy twats, the badge means too much dont ever stop what you do  &lt;3 xx loveee youuu : D&lt;3 PLANET PAUL ha ha! I'll tongue kiss your other tongue ;)! Mmh! Yummy! :p haha!! I really think I'm going mad ☹ Yaaay! 😜 it took you that Lonng to follow me back tho?  RT   no more will be said. *rubs crystal ball again* correction i see whataburger & ihop to go you are still the best RT  and now I was falling like snow . are u happy to see that ? RT  Dear , Ex FFFFFFUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKK YYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUU Sincerely , Your Ex! I can't wait to put a plugs or tunnels in my ears follow back please ? race with nawar el mansourieh xD ba3ed ma t3alamo min el boss :P wish I was there too! have fun with everyone! eu to no facebook :D the vampire diaries! Caroline and Klaus :D woop woop! RT  “ me for the day  !  beautiful ;) they better CRUSH  #HERgirl He makes me smile on the low tho not really my elders! :D yeah towards your face! RT  It was good to see my girlRT   WOW! .. You look absolutely gorgeous in that dress. I'm glad you like it, I'm sure the rest of us do how can you stand such? With all due respect if anyone i knew did that i'd knock some fucking sense in them with my fists My Zelda theme is complete.. All I need is a screensaver :D Daag Curly.. We won't miss you :P let's get together if you wanna have fun, do something #crazzzzyy RT  Lol" Good thing :D RT  " That's really unusual RT  I see food i no fit chop again oooooo"" Twitter rocks!!!! lol : ) RT  Are you already excited for Breaking Dawn part 2? lol aww your welcome. Glad you getting that love lol. Just came back on twitter. You know I gotta show you some I'd like to say a few things in Icelandic, think it's rude not to You're so sweet Michaela! How was your day? Smh imy too uglyyy :p I do it all the time. RT  I saw  today in school! About time too! Another fab night  #veryhappy #smiles I just finished reading your fanfic! It is really good!! :D RT  Who remembers these Humble beginnings?! Can i get some #ff love ? I'd be so happy I you followed me  please? X #MrCelebUK #MrCelebUK #MrCelebUK #MrCelebUK #MrCelebUK #MrCelebUK #MrCelebUK cheaper to choose someone in UK but consider Aus! I was jus finna tweet dat  RT  FUUUCK EM !RT  Muthafukas dnt like me no moe thanx fa listin me love i love watching the #uketracker as my pretty new  gets built. Its like Christmas all over again Jerusalem Artichoke's Beauty   I have just listed this canvas photo forsale on Trademe.  Please check it out Lmfaooooo &gt;.&lt; so what :p faaiil! It's alright, I looked funny anyway :D Awww I'm really hopeing my mom & her boyfriend get back Who was the last person u kissed?  — My Lil bro Fa9ol &lt;3 Going to meet Variable P, and going to a game night.  this should be interesting. where? :D I want to :P Fuck Lloyd, but cool do you know who won with me? you're so cool on tv!! wonderful mama You're welcome oh right cools  I'm going CD shopping tomorrow anyways so I will keep an eye out for those two albums  xx thank u Epic  “ This PTI Nazariati group has 15 followers on Twitter. That's probably 10 more than its actual membership.” i enjoy the fact that today went by quickly and i was quite busy RT   Cancer :D mines the 29th oh...my...lord. That looks, err, interesting? I'll finish the story then watch. Title is intriguing though :P #FF  &lt;~~ Follow the This #MONSTER , Now Please! :D Don't you know that for many developers and engineers t-shirts from conferences are their wardrobe? :D He Is We - All About Us ft. Owl City RT  #FF my stepdad  lol I love  he is super cute ! #TEAMBIEBER I was just there for 3 wks!  Heading back soon for a few - Nice to see your students love you @ Chino High. I'm serious currently I can be mistaken for an oompa loompa, please refrain from any orange jokes tomorrow. Thanks You're welcome, my smiley Jules!! RT  #FF  . She coo af pretty && classy NEVER trashy . Well i fucks with her so follow her && she'll follow yo ass back : ) Having a good time with the family and jolie at hometown buffet its a little chitszu #FollowMeJaden! Pleeeeaaasssssseeeee!?! :D RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. Loove my new nailpolish! :D rainbow in the s-kylie My Dad makes me laugh so much yes most Definitely But No Kicking It To Da Money All Night For Me :-) :-) :-) :-)  maybe Get Up With Sumthin Out Of Town *sighhhhh* Money! I love it ♥♥♥ you too mate have a good one! Follow me on twitter  - Mention me for a follow back Okey doke love, I'm just watching videos just now so I'll see you later on RT  How to get a followback from me  go follow    me  its my fave accounts ever. R-T if u did RT  Retweet if you've dreamt about Bruno before :-) I guess my next hour is already planned for me-- Reading about 2,000 tweets. :P stickam chat Sunday at 6PM.  Hit us up with a #FF told youuu ! Wow .. Really want to see Cody in France hiiiii :-) :-) Would not want it any other way! “ It's me and you against the world baby!  my lil fox Thanks luv :p no, colgate  ( live on lol thank u oh right soz bbz I'll do wan now Check me out with my two twibbons. jaden you never see me :( please follow me, i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me  #Jadenators 4ever 9 gente usem usem go go go  #pecheemjulieeosfantasmas &gt;&lt; hehe.  RT   with niall , our husband !)xx I think we have summer plans! :D RT  Friday! The weekend is finally here! Maybe you've got a date this weekend...lucky for you we've got some advice I dont get it, she has the guts to come out then she can do anything &lt;3 people need to get a life! Shes a legend  x yayyy! *high 5's* thanks sooo much my Dutch friend :P you're awesome too! RT   PLEASE VOTE TOM FELTON  y  THANKS :D Not trying to be an obnoxious music person, but you might really like them Great job today! We stepped it up! RT  Headed to my Friday workout with  ! : ) oppa good morning  i still awake hxhx i guess in this morning i will wake up with lovely panda eyes :D hahaha where do you work? :p #FF :D no need ;) uhhhhh...... Nopeee  hahah :D ( أكيد عندك افكار، أقرئي كتاباتك السابقة، وأكيد there will be more to write Because they are perfection on earth. :-) Come over to Philly, the best Sushi places Movie & a nice glass of red  That's wine not Cherryade, or blood for the twihards out there yeah I honestly think Ashley is much more beautiful than ShayRT   Oh no! Have no fear, we are here! Follow us for wedding and gift list tips :-) How's it going so far?! Have a date?!xxx 'Welcome back' friend ... I am still busy on the 'little job' waus :P mall with thanks BG Gonna go watch #courageous 2day with my amazing church My hair is so thick RT  I don't care that much about valentine's day. 6 days after that is what really matters I geek when my dog sneezes affectionately  soo cute Making a chocolate cake today in Foods class! 3 more minutes  I'll twitpic it when I'm done! &lt;3 I need more followers somebody help me out :-) haha it was my last en'  x I think my father n I get along so well because we have the same sense of humor &lt;3 haha #100kForKhleo Follow  :D just incase their reading my tweets too  haha #RespectTheParentsInLaw #FF  &lt;- Everyone FOLLOW her, pleaaaseeee!  &lt;3 Hi boo RT  - Rob (: RT #followmejaden   pleasee! Lovee you soo much&lt;3 RT   followed On my way to the nail shop  ! Can you please sign this?   &lt;- It means alot to me xx omg! Thanks for letting me know! RT  Can't wait till  and Sherri come over and see me tonight!! I miss my girlssss lelia giebler think I'm tranquillity and benevolence if i was as good at football as i am at fifa, i could probably play for the Man United under 12s  shame about the age regulations :P :P really want to see  feat  video silver splits the blue i'm sure its gonna be amazing!! : ) RT  #Seriesdemivida Two and half men GO and ask us questions here on twitter ? Yay, I have a twitter... But no followers yet! :D echo think I'm disposition and power thanks Follow me & ill follow back : ) Today has been a bright day Im A Virgo Bhut Madly In Love With A Taurus  Devonta To Be Exact You can hold my hand for a while.. but i would rather you hold my heart forever HYFR!! We must pray 4 focus though lol net 4 kontrol haha RT  This is gonna be a good year :D cc Hey Hey Be Nice! & Awh That's Cute.! really?) ohh thats cool! :D babe..its not late but i'm almost dead( good u said u like deads) hahhaha i'm so tired... RT  Cydney was here! I love youuu RT  has anyone ever cried at a #BGC moment?;) you share yours and I'll confess mine. :$ :P she's going now!!! ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER  &lt;3 Wagwaarrn?-as asma sayss :P xxx #BestThingsAboutBeingAsian ... Ermmm cos I'm Asian  looool cheer up boo! Everything is going to be okay RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday :( Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday  Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" RT   Thank you :-) I bought a PS3 three weeks ago :p I dont buy myself much expensive things and u know it and I dont get free money like you. Shes Too Young For You Broo ! :D It's a great way to get new listeners though. Haha thank you! :D n i will keep the music cumin :-) follow me & my friend  , it would mean the WORLD to us.  pretty please..? #jadenators 11 Thanks for the lesson!  Can we get more "educational moments"? ♫♫♫♪ Britt eating her babyfood :D RT  “ Fuck Being Frm DC, IM FROM ANNAPOLIS .. ONION BLOCK ALL DAY!! 18OO BLOCK, YOU ALREADY!!” alreadyy : ) " today ether and I was on my computer" I'll let you know!  Not a bother gal  anytime it was nommy, doll!  But we're doing sushi soon, right? ahhh cool  doing much tomorrow?xxxx #v2 another round yehhhhh....i know He's georgous RT  I feel so happy to turn my 7 o'clock alarm off :D Taylor Gang or eat a cupcake please follow me :P Chicago with my mommy never in this case RT  Thanks  :D YAYYY THEY GOT IT!  *does my dance at work* lmao! RT  I really like chicken RT   welcome!! then i will be fire or a norn warrior that will defend you :D Yup, hard work pays off ;) now to get  ranking for Reseller Hosting UK and UK Reseller Hosting :P exactly! & i know ima loooooove swimming so it's all good  i just dunno if i can make the team fersure.........lolol Yayyy For Stephen Humanity to still be inside him  #TVD yep :D im nt bragging bt every relationship i set up always work out :D call me cupid I love being a part of great theatre I qot yu bestiee cindie think I'm puissant and vigorous Can't wait to spend my night washing dishes! Love today  #SoFar thanks! RT  IF I STAY 1ST PLACE WITH THE HELP FROM YOU GUYS RT MY FAV SAY THANK U GIVE A VIP TICKET TO COME WITH US 4D TOUR EYES WIDE OPEN I didn't think you had a twitttterrr  lolol I followed you though c: Even after all these years! I love you so much, but :D &lt;3 thankyou its just a hard job always hard to please everyone but thanks queen :-) “ Cannt wait for essex tomo night  who's out”  he won't stop following me #gary 3 O'Clock hurry up and be here! - -" WANT TO GO HOME and RELAX! :P "LIKE" my prom dress picture under "The Prom Shop's Photo Contest!" on Faceboooook! Liiike it up! RT  I feel so positive and happy  it's like everything is right with the world... hello thank you♥ #fizzyfanta night! #itsallaboutibiza Goodbye/goodnight! It's the night where I am.  &lt;3 #off#GlamBalm lip balm :D my new fav lip balm.. + great size for the price #BeautyBuyoftheweek of course chick  so far that's three caramel hot chocolates! haha i know where did you get those posters from? I want some lool Yeah bitch, yeah bitch, call me STEVE.. OH ! I got accepted to all 3 of them! :D I got into 2 Scholar programs and 2 scholarships! omg! Awwww you're so sweet Jessi!! Thanks :D Love you tooooo &lt;3 oh I will babes! I will  xxxxxx Im late but I'm also proud of youuuuuu!! :D p #acelleface #showingfamsomelove Goodluck with your interview! xx tu follow back ? Going 2 the racetrack tomorrow! :D ohh! If not Im sure we can get someone else! It's enough notice! I'll let my dad know okay i need $100 to go to the show and i need $83 for the deluxe box set. okay who is donating? :-) thanks an hugs to  for the #FF  xx very true. And I am completely inadequate at times :D But I am so over that nowadays i'm bored ....  onde andas ? i need someone to talk to RT  Retweet if I'm not following you, cause I'm following EVERYONE who follows  !  HURRY if you want a new follower Can you say "eat like a horse"? Hahahaha I love me some i'm going to Disney World! :-) hahahaha I was just gong to ask you how you lost so much weight , sa3di okhtek el soghanouna :D Have you signed this yet? It's for  and  Please follow us! RT  Having a dick makes you part of the male species,  not a man of course done :-) xx I really need new  books..and I said Need not Want ..who wants 2b nice :D happy birthday and wish you all the best ya om ! :D Ca =&gt;  c'est  sur "Stupid Hoe" Uhmm Good Afternoon Twitter : ) Why thank you! I love how I can always rely on my best friends to make me feel better Yea sure!!!RT   follow me :-) :-) :-) thanks :-) why you still on the train? I'm watching the wire This makes me laugh! Only because I have had some pretty epic diapers to deal with… :D No Revision Tonight .... I Need Me A Break RT  I hope #oomf calls me tonight Please  willing to beg till i break my knees. I just want you to follow me back.  12 #BecauseOfYou I Learn How To Hate A Nigga #Nf , follow backk ? : ) Residence Inn by Marriott Phoenix Mayo Clinic & Embassy Suites Phoenix - Scottsdale are both close :-) thank u RT  Such big things in the works, guys... life is so surreal... can't wait to reveal everything. I love you all so much! :-) RT  Don't matter what I do all I think about is you 07.07.11 : )  * cough cough * lol RT   God was just showin` off when he made you NP: Cashin' Out. [my new favorite song meghan elhaj think I'm disapprobation and condemnation she will not like those - see the nice ones I wore to work?  LOL  Please follow me  !! #MUCHLOVE #Jadenators  36 omw to the daycare followed you. MUCH MUCH LOVE. I haven't seen a Squatch 'round here. Did have a bear break in once. That was enough of a close encounter. RT  #Shoutout (2]  :D #MF! bleeeeeeeeh yhyhyh love you too shawtyyyy :p hey buddy? Do you like the new location of your throne/chair? I think it only adds to your handsomeness :-) #BecauseOfYou iRealized iAm Special ' :D Stoked for our competition tomorrow!!! :D #Guardismylife Follow back guys ya!!  lol what are you wearing? RT  We ALL Know That One Made Me Weep.  Haha. me too. All my family have had the pox over Christmas but Hanabana hasn't had them yet and I just want her to get them already! its a puppet  found it in my attic..think it was alans..pandas got competition now... TURN IT OFF :D && im the kind of girl woh will burst out laughing  because of something that happened the day before : ) #DIFFERENT ! How come your blog is so awesome Kona Grill @ 8:30p then Club Drake tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Whaaaaaaattttttttt :D your coming to my 19th.... Just need £200 more then I'm booking you  ahhh You're welcome! I wish I was there too.. How fabulous!!! :-) Thank you. Your very kind :-) of course THANKS Might See Him Tonight I think I already have one !! RT  Starcraft 2 Engine Development History, gotta love that programmer art in the early builds kk RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. you did win THE moves of Holland hmmm I don't knoww.. Soon I guess! I've been watching online  so goooood!! Xx delicia think I'm formidable RT  “ worry if you’re single. God is looking at you right now saying, “I’m saving this woman for someone special.” so cutee ! I want somee ! :P I asked mines, ask yours  RT   Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee, stop being a punk! season think I'm cogent and conclusive cheer up  its friday!! i hate seeing girls upset Chillin wit bby Faith  :-) Disney, with wolfpack tomorrow I'm Smithers... So you know.... #imagine JB:So...do u have a boyfriend? U:Nop.. JB: THAT'S WONDERFUL!! :D *U laugh and he blushes* J: I meant...u wanna go out or something? yes u can get drunk tonite lol only if i can join hey whats good! noticed u follow Mac u should check out my music video I think you'll like it On the phone with him RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. I don't really want to seem like a stalker but I actually love you haha! Please follow me back? will do! #FOLLOWMEJADEN im #jadenator  ♥ ur welcome, put a smile on u being able to.breathe at this very moment is a blessing on its own, focus on the positive RT  You Suck Lol  RT  I would do it but lmao RT  " Tomorrow is Squirrel Appreciation Day! How will you be celebrating? #squirrelday   manana!!!!! :-) Im bouta shower and then nap  mmmm yes! i wanna make 10000000 pics from him :D RT  A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it’s based on the foundation you built together. ahh man!! Well good luck. You will do greatask myself that everyday :-) I had to duck out at the interval of Annie (yes, the musical) to put final bid on 'Siamese cat with ball' last night and I won!  $10.50! watching cadillac records there is a one in a million chance that Cody Simpson will follow me back, but I love him so much I'm gonna try anyway  &lt;3 &lt;3 come out the house Thank you! : ) RT #gsslam im thinking 10K? we dont have to run it all becasue 5K takes 30mins to run which is like pointless :L we shall ask around #FOLLOWMEJADEN im #jadenator  ♥ 7 RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about i cant tell u ; its a secret lol. ! you guys come over this weekend "  I just saw Whittle too "Hahaha Yepp RT   Follow  please RT  A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it’s based on the foundation you built together. hi  this will sure sound weird, but are you the girl from instagram? my boyfriend feels the exact same way! I kinda flip-flop. But I usually see it the way you do. Haha RT for my 18th birthday tomorrow??  xxxx #MyBirthdayTweet 4:21 AprilBABY :-) :D New phone! Same number but I now need numbers  sooo text me Babysitter here! RT   u got sitters on deck. Scroll down that contact list No, non. So, that's why I am going to watch the series now and  try to find the "hidden clue" Haha, I don't think soooo, x) But THANK YOU :D Oh  a strange thing happened tday!!! “   Let the weekend begin!! WooHoo #excitedmuch”


Woo hoo I love all QS so I'll eat them all RT  Don't forget the 100 MOAB live stream is tomorrow! (Satudrday) at 3-4pm central! Be there! Can't wait to see everyone there  &lt;3 Nooo , i wasn't ;&lt; but believe me that when i watching videos from the concerts i feel like i'm with them &lt;3 and you ? :D weeeeeeeeee!!! Que pex? :P thankssss RT  420 he sure is an awesome guy ok  and I have to see if Debbie will let me use the car lol smh Well I'm checked out RT    rojo never lets me down. / :D your welcome RT  Amanha Fut com os Brothers    e Mais uns! you're still in Africa? And yay hurry up and get in my timezone!  Thank God I'm not the only one who messes up like everything occasionally :D S/0 to my new and old followers .......Indy c u!!!! :-) ......enjoy this soundtrack of my #life aww man I love zoe lady  she be having, me rolling Time to fill my belly :P Chat later if your still around, if not, have a good night and sleep well  x All good man, so how was tha mitchell man? Awwww  Thanks .. were almost like sisters no normal  por que ? ._. yw & thank u doll  &lt;3 RT  RT for a shoutout-must be following. Telly catch up time -90210 :D  (and some skins :D) RT  Being mean to innocent people should not make you feel better about yourself #YOLO so be nice Okay thanks  RT   SHOPLOVEMUSE me either :D x haha I wish! Then you can both visit me and we can go to the lake and have a nice picnic. ANDRES! I misssss youuuuu! Come back to ambridge to visit sometime soon thanks girl RT   haha you always movin around with your hyper ahh  - lollll sommetimesss Happy Birthday to my niece Paige!!! :D i dont even feel cold outside. YEAH RIGHT! A old friend is coming over :D super happy!! :D VERY GOOD alrighty! I'll accept when it comes through wait the zoo closed soo thats a bad idea...hmm go get happy feet and watch that... i like happy feet I'm Following you he messaged me #LiamFollow1DTourUpdate  for the first time in about 3 weeks im happy, lots to look forward to...only 3 months til my birthday then 3 weeks after that Warwick  yay dude week after next!! I'm done hee hee hee  lol. A great weekend to you too Why are you offline i am still in the chat quit crying and eat your food Ha! Thank you Chris Garbo champion fire starter...!! daphne think I'm immobilized "Mr. Brown! I like balls!...Volleyballs! Duh! ;)" Good times at lunch Basketball game tonight! Then a team sleepover  #holllla RT  Basketball game tonight  #letsgopanthers Today was a great day RT  #13millionapplause for #SOPA and #PIPA being dropped by Congress today  POWER TO THE PEOPLE. " it is true! :D RT  Bahaha RT     I am so DEAD!!" I am not part of this! I have found that "streaking" is a much better way to run....and a lot less exspensive. Oh my gosh  I was kidding! My mom would never let me haha  Gullible. I'd like to take a moment to say thank you......thanks. :D that was the moment. x. Mini Eggs 100g bag looks bigger than the 100g bag of Snow Bites - but makes no difference to me coz an open bag is an empty bag Yum :D RT  I wanna be yo friend again Yeaa BITCH , Yeaa BITCH Hey povo ! I want cookies :D Lol, I can be shy at first, takes a while for me to really get talking, but somehow Corey makes you forget that. :D RT  Hey guys!You know that just one free click,u can protect the big cat habitat,pleaase do it!  thks 4 us if YOU invite me anywhere and I show...I expect YOU to make sure that I am good.  I do these things at my get togethers. just wanted to say you were one of my favourite competitors! Shoutout to  gooooo and follow :D 
we miss shayley !! Ignorant people are always right smh, its sad really haha  Oh well I'm seriously, like in love with hannah hart. No fucking joke man. :D Hmmmm not getting kids saying they're going to kill me on #nfshotpursuit tonight , I could get used to this im fine. im sorry for the late reply :L i wasent on twitter for nearly 2 weeks.. well for mee I carry you..but not to your bed tho..I'll take ya to WONDER LAND follow this amazing model  because she's just perfect!!  (Officialtwitter) Good day at work ready for a power nap...then plans afterppl say manly guys have manly genes what not meh? haha. so it shld be a boy :D oh damn, just saw it.... :-) nice &lt;3 Hey I used to spend my summers in Dartford. Maybe it rubbed off on me :-) let me know what it's like!  read girl who played with fire! Loved it! On Hornet's nest now! Excited! cheree think I'm lovestruck thanks tayla!  " That's a good look. Congrats....RT  Looks like I'm going to U of H! " Perfecto, pues yes ! that works for me.  Hello gorgeous! Shower ; then he comes 
D.D.M ♥ RT  me and all my girls are now team single , thugging in this BITCH !     &  ! looking reem I must say on big brother woow  xxx he is so scaryyyy :D Hahahahha Bas handkholo thanks for the shoutout! Have a great weekend  xox Instagram; bremcallister 4/20 is on a Friday this year :-) Aha, Thanks.. But honestly, I only paint cartoons now. I'm really bad at shading in with acrylic paints. :P xx dont use a hammer. :D I uploaded a  video  Nastyebby #FF and  Thank you   we expect to see new pictures of paramore this 2012, the last ones are really awesome! Ready to work Goodluck today.  
 is that better? Andy is great in Joyful Noise!! I love investigation shows  Lisa Ling is my favorite journalist ever! Grabbing dinner to go for Gymnast  (@ Chipotle Mexican Grill) Can't wait till February 16  #Bday yeaahh heb dr zin in schatjess !!     xx Haha it's alright babe  you can role model for me :p and your 100% real and I love it!! nice headphones :D omgosh Blake said I was talking so much crap to you last night! Oops sorry heeey thats not nice :P follow me please?, :-) #1DFamily &lt;3 RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. #NF RT  to  mother...... Hello......PLEASE PLEASE PLESAE LET HERE STAY OF TO SEE HER BOYFRIENDS???? Ok bye xx DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday :( Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday  Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" (via I was just curious :P Nearly at 2000 tweets! :D aw man fwm when you wake up love Yeah. i think it will suit you. Darker blue not katy Perry blue :D xx #BecauseOfYou I know I deserve better  thanks. #FF    follow me? I promise I'll follow you right back! RT  check out Henley, a short film by Craig Macneill! scroll down at vote it your favorite With my baby yep or else?! ;D haha goodnight, enjoy your film :P Thanks so much! RT  #ff  ! :D ur welcome hun. so how was the movie?  ♥ Going to college has made me and my mom so much closer ! :-) Yet everyone needs to experience love at some point in their life because it can be such a wonderful feeling.... Im free now woman i can come see you for the day just say, i want to share the love mega bus is only £6. Just say when hey i just met you and this is crazy but here's my twitter, so follow me maybe! lalala :D my testimonial   xx ok i will you could use a bowl to catch them :P RT  Woke up early and started playing Lego Star Wars....... now off to some meetings Well it's friday which means I can take the longest nap ever and not feel guilty about it  then i have to plan the OST for my book I did!  u not have curry sauce as well? Good day? Come to France please  alomost 2 year that you played in Paris :( Thought for a second I had reach tweet limit Ready for  to tackle this head!!! I need tht!! Baby shower tomorrow :-) :D dude don't you think it's time for a tweet ?  pleeease tweet me Thank you, he thinks he's rather handsome too. The epitome of modesty, my cat :P iştee buuu haha u good tho I'm just playin. Good luck with the rest of ur season tho teach me how to put a condom on-aha-i would put it on for you franks :D Going to dinner and movies with my family for my moms birthday burton alstad think I'm cumbrous and diffuse Oh yes  a bone-in ribeye with loaded baked potato and range rattlers #yummyinmytummy LOVE MY JOB well sometimes lol If it makes you happy it doesn't matter what people think Going to try lighten my hair.... Hope this colour fades Quick Amarette and Jerome made my day ^.^ like always :D lol...  :P okay CLEVELAND!!!! Woot woot based#  :-) Oh well I guess every school is different. We had books and all. Please follow me. YOU'RE MY ANGEL♥ ! I'll send to You 1000000 of times. *0004543* now following... #Fb : )


You do tattoos ? Feels good to be home : ) thank u $750 platino para The Kooks en el Banamex      :D I'm off shopping on sunday  xx oh ' i made this BIG ass bun at the top of my head , shit cute forreal :D did you sort your speaker/mic out.haha :-) take a shot loving the name :P l you oall
Good? x ang ganda ng moon ah... it's already 5AM & it's not even halfway across the sky yet. lalang. RT  if my tweets annoy u, fuck u 1st off! after that, mute or unfollow. it's simple! tf?? we are daaa cutest imma bigger italian fan of jersey shore TI AMO :D follow me please? ciao   25 Starcraft II, I love playing as protoss :D thank you for #FF's :-) I'm soo proud of myself I passed BOTH my English & Science test with perfect scores :-) ! Can You Wish Me a Happy Birthdayy  &lt;3 Thanks for your inclusion in your 1/17 link list! Goin pub wid alan :D ppl say manly guys have manly genes what not meh? haha. so it shld be a boy :D oh damn, just saw it.... :-) nice &lt;3 Hey I used to spend my summers in Dartford. Maybe it rubbed off on me :-) let me know what it's like!  read girl who played with fire! Loved it! On Hornet's nest now! Excited! cheree think I'm lovestruck thanks tayla!  " That's a good look. Congrats....RT  Looks like I'm going to U of H! " Perfecto, pues yes ! that works for me.  Hello gorgeous! Shower ; then he comes 
D.D.M ♥ RT  me and all my girls are now team single , thugging in this BITCH !     &  ! looking reem I must say on big brother woow  xxx he is so scaryyyy :D Hahahahha Bas handkholo thanks for the shoutout! Have a great weekend  xox Instagram; bremcallister 4/20 is on a Friday this year :-) Aha, Thanks.. But honestly, I only paint cartoons now. I'm really bad at shading in with acrylic paints. :P xx dont use a hammer. :D I uploaded a  video  Nastyebby #FF and  Thank you   we expect to see new pictures of paramore this 2012, the last ones are really awesome! Ready to work Goodluck today.  
 is that better? Andy is great in Joyful Noise!! I love investigation shows  Lisa Ling is my favorite journalist ever! Grabbing dinner to go for Gymnast  (@ Chipotle Mexican Grill) Can't wait till February 16  #Bday yeaahh heb dr zin in schatjess !!     xx Haha it's alright babe  you can role model for me :p and your 100% real and I love it!! nice headphones :D omgosh Blake said I was talking so much crap to you last night! Oops sorry heeey thats not nice :P follow me please?, :-) #1DFamily &lt;3 RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. #NF RT  to  mother...... Hello......PLEASE PLEASE PLESAE LET HERE STAY OF TO SEE HER BOYFRIENDS???? Ok bye xx DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday :( Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday  Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" (via I was just curious :P Nearly at 2000 tweets! :D aw man fwm when you wake up love Yeah. i think it will suit you. Darker blue not katy Perry blue :D xx #BecauseOfYou I know I deserve better  thanks. #FF    follow me? I promise I'll follow you right back! RT  check out Henley, a short film by Craig Macneill! scroll down at vote it your favorite With my baby yep or else?! ;D haha goodnight, enjoy your film :P Thanks so much! RT  #ff  ! :D ur welcome hun. so how was the movie?  ♥ Going to college has made me and my mom so much closer ! :-) Yet everyone needs to experience love at some point in their life because it can be such a wonderful feeling.... Im free now woman i can come see you for the day just say, i want to share the love mega bus is only £6. Just say when hey i just met you and this is crazy but here's my twitter, so follow me maybe! lalala :D my testimonial   xx ok i will you could use a bowl to catch them :P RT  Woke up early and started playing Lego Star Wars....... now off to some meetings Well it's friday which means I can take the longest nap ever and not feel guilty about it  then i have to plan the OST for my book I did!  u not have curry sauce as well? Good day? Come to France please  alomost 2 year that you played in Paris :( Thought for a second I had reach tweet limit Ready for  to tackle this head!!! I need tht!! Baby shower tomorrow :-) :D dude don't you think it's time for a tweet ?  pleeease tweet me Thank you, he thinks he's rather handsome too. The epitome of modesty, my cat :P iştee buuu haha u good tho I'm just playin. Good luck with the rest of ur season tho teach me how to put a condom on-aha-i would put it on for you franks :D Going to dinner and movies with my family for my moms birthday burton alstad think I'm cumbrous and diffuse Oh yes  a bone-in ribeye with loaded baked potato and range rattlers #yummyinmytummy LOVE MY JOB well sometimes lol If it makes you happy it doesn't matter what people think Going to try lighten my hair.... Hope this colour fades Quick Amarette and Jerome made my day ^.^ like always :D lol...  :P okay CLEVELAND!!!! Woot woot based#  :-) Oh well I guess every school is different. We had books and all. Please follow me. YOU'RE MY ANGEL♥ ! I'll send to You 1000000 of times. *0004543* now following... #Fb : )


You do tattoos ? Feels good to be home : ) thank u $750 platino para The Kooks en el Banamex      :D I'm off shopping on sunday  xx oh ' i made this BIG ass bun at the top of my head , shit cute forreal :D did you sort your speaker/mic out.haha :-) take a shot loving the name :P l you oall
Good? x ang ganda ng moon ah... it's already 5AM & it's not even halfway across the sky yet. lalang. RT  if my tweets annoy u, fuck u 1st off! after that, mute or unfollow. it's simple! tf?? we are daaa cutest imma bigger italian fan of jersey shore TI AMO :D follow me please? ciao   25 Starcraft II, I love playing as protoss :D thank you for #FF's :-) I'm soo proud of myself I passed BOTH my English & Science test with perfect scores :-) ! Can You Wish Me a Happy Birthdayy  &lt;3 Thanks for your inclusion in your 1/17 link list! Goin pub wid alan :D thank you very much.. Wish u the same #ThingsICantStand People w/ ugly feet -___- presentation is important : ) Who the hell is Ilse :P #followmejaden :D nothing at all We're enjoying anyway! :D Wreszcie Jessye Norman, tak ta  The Windmills of your Mind - Les Moulins de mon coeur:  via When your home alone :D &gt;&gt; This six year 0ld Girl 0nyinYe Made mY day By singin sh0wmE till shE was Exhausted!!! Lol :D thanks : ) that's still really cool though!  well whatever happens it will all work out for the best! I'm excited for you! Please donate towards the #StandUP campaign :D It's so simple.. it all helps! RT   and us talking about bunnies. :D good  yeahh not too bad thankyou ! How's things ? RT  I got this song on repeat looool I didn't diss drake, its alright ur screws do enough damage :pp, and lol I don't wear makeup ;D whatevvvs try catch me :p not much going to visit my godmother tomorrow and doing some uni work  what about you? X #FollowMeJaden   3 hi anne  x but I read it!!! :p Gonna start working out a lil time to get this lil tummy down but I'm sure it'll be easy milford berlinski think I'm over-educated awn *-* ... Chucksters 4ever :D Sip syg :DRT  Siip. Jmput ee drmh ? ;;) RT  Jam 4 jo ne beb?  :* RT  Terserah kamu i dunno yet it should be up tonite tho i will send u the link tho :-) xxx Hahahaha I was rushing a poll last night and Pearlz was the only spot with hispeed wifi, so I made it there by accident :P I will probably end up coming will be with ceri the veggie though :p if not though will meet use after your nandos anyway X RT  The dream I had last night.... Health with Ms. Melton was a blast. We did absolutely no work. Watched movies every time. حبيب قلبي :-) Happy Birthday! Hope you've had a great day walker woeste think I'm benevolence and candor valentines day around the corner .. Ready for our spectacular date ? :D ( throwing up ) !!! Need a cup of tea and then I can settle down to watch New Girl :D do they flash you? haha :P it starts in Australia tomorrow night Haha, thanks! Ok ça va non soucis pour sa :-) hahah, dont flatter yourself too much ! We Miss Shayley  RT RT  I'm so blessed and so thankful!! God has put some pretty amazing people in my path! #glorytoGod RT  RT for a shout out  xx God safe the queen, Paul Turner safes the queer :-) Follow me! please #ILOVEYOU  87 yeah say it ! I'm dumb ! :p Goes great with one of our #vegan desserts   RT  My #Kale Salad #Recipe in RT  *ok gud*RT  Dnt jo.. ill b a good girl RT  Nutty geh Nutty geh I'll ... Too kind. :-) But yeah, it feels very natural, and the ambient side of the game also gems with it. :-) RT  ❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ I get about as much attention as a White crayon yes RT   oooooh nice  thankin you kind sir x » ;-) x Road trippin with face. nowfollowing  follow back ! Thanks for been there, love ya #morelikesisters , are you excited about our pet frog we're getting this summer ?  ahhh . Hello  Follow my friend  she follow back ♥ She will be really happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!... O god I missed twitter so much :( even tho it was only a day :p RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. gonna go take a nap- it would be the best to wake up & see that  or  are following me. #nsn :-) Sorry didn't notice :P me too baby :c but its trhe weekend now Good night tonight :D okie dokie!  and no way? That's crazy! You should have taken a pic! stopin by to say hello n say sorry 4 not replying sooner. Hope ur day is blessed. :-) RT  I Can Tell That You Been Practicing I love Lovin this new episode of #NewGirl sooo funny #nf back RT   thanks darlin. What a great photo taker you are Joseph! I am home for weekend and I think that at some point we should grab a coffee or drink or something  let me know! Tiba di ofice dg slmt.. it don't matter its all good RT  RT  #100kForKhleo -_-RT  Ciyee anas :p RT natashaawww: Justin spa ni? Jgan bilang justin PGS RT thasianas_: imissjustin._. what you been baking? I require pictures :-) I'm at a mates drinking heavily (again) Tweet 30. 5 4 3 2 1 ... #followmejaden &lt;33  I love you to pluto and back :D &lt;3333 #neversaynever #RealGs Believe tour is going to be flawless. If you tell me otherwise I will personally spray someday in your eyes Sweet man, I'm definitely down to run some more games but mind you, I'm keepin my options open :p ah, thanks :D im making the video maybe today or tomorrow . keep your eye  out for it because im sending shoutouts! Thanks so much :-) I am not sure if u ladies think I drink a lot or not at all To threaten people I don’t like :D and yeah poor illu ahaha okaay Brandie, you're coming right? :D Done!  RT  TaufikDorkzilla follow back yaw Harrisburg bound with abbey Got mah bangs cut :D Dylon just hit me. omg. Lol :P #assault I love you  thanks! He told me he loved me listnight for the first time in a while :-) :-) :-) but I go there to see my girl aislinn The criminal was hunged by executioner :P Thank you! RT  A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it’s based on the foundation you built together. Follow back!  x Hey Keisha !! Tell Walter I said Happy Birthday  k , bye lol Awww thanks hun  RT  oh oh how could i forget ... s/o my muddafuckin hair stylist  (: noooo! I'll check. It doesn't alert me when I get a direct message Don't worry we got 4! It came in a combo pack  you can have itttnow thats a deal :-) emory siegle think I'm purpose and intention Had a great day! :-) lol ok mine will be on by then so yea we need to set somthin up and have shanice come too the Texas uni logo, combined with the W . I think that'll give you a great start.but again, no designer here Thank you haha  man I think my espanol teacher hates me I can't stop listening to your album! Your song small bump is beautiful  thank you RT  Has actually had a Pretty good day! There is seriously no greater gift than being a mom Hey Liam That's #YMCM packing all the freaks in...  ayye it's going down in March Ijs plus #UnderratedTour I see This year kinda hot right now RT  I GOT ACCEPTED INTO VIRGINIA STATE UNIVERSITY !!! No one..pls go bak 2 ur shell :P RT  Who missed miiii :D #warning sappy content coming up!! natosha think I'm miserable Estan cantando Long Live, nps que niñas tan bellas :D All the other kids with the pumped up kicks u better run better run faster then my bullet I missed you! RT  28 followers? Please RT you wonderful people :P I follow back! RT   aw well thank you bby :-) :D awe frsure! Misssya you gna be intown at all this wknd? I really love my cousin, he's one of the best persons I know, he has a great heart and he's so funny... He never failed to make you laugh mom will be here in tminus 20 mins It was !!  xxxx RT  SEXX.. PENIS.. VAGINA.. BOOBS... WEED...FOLLOW FOLLOW ?  PLS Hahaa, where you from? - Thank you :D xo follow me back please?  -♥- in my house! haha i'm bored, i'm starting to listen some songs of 1D Because they knew it was stolen & if she gave it over it definitely won't be her - if that makes sense, it did in my head RT  If the sky would rain chicken the world would be a better place: No starving kids in Africa & free chicken!!! :D
#yumyum I just want you to come be my 911 operator! With preggosorouse watching lee Evans I need a bad lil #Twifey :-) Okay its been alot of reading, thats for sure, #LoveThisBook today was crazyy !when i was going home :D I'm loving 'spot the Eastenders actor' in #hustle. Last week Minty, this week Steve Owen! :D RT  Let's make a deal…you pay iTunes $.99 and I'll give you a song   #KoTF thx too Okey bjei :D Congrats to you too!! I'm so excited for this. :D I never win anything, so this was surprising! Everybody follow  Pretty please. :D #ThingsICantStand subtweets. But I love subtweeting. when you kno someone wants to talk to you but you walk past &gt;  keep em wondering. RT   Y'all should follow her for me. She loves the Beadles thanks 900 followers
I Love you :D ;) Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless it's true :D RT   This girl is amazing and super sweet!!  X We hope you'll let us know how it turns out. RT  Wooohoooo!!! 61 Dragons - 49 Team Bath!! #greatstarttotheseason!!! Talk that talk is on the radio :D love this song . girl i will text you as soon as my phone is charged! Lol and girl yes we doo!!  like soon.! “  No dear,you rule! words of Mark ;)” you're too kind dear  as always Tweet 35. 5 4 3 2 1 ... #followmejaden &lt;33  I love you to pluto and back :D &lt;3333 #neversaynever #RealGs Thank you  ! For all the Moe Money today  #GREATLunchhh follow back? :D Awww RT  Aw June 10th :-) RT   June 14 & yours with my best friendddd. and chris :P RT if you like carrtos follow back I got 3rd place outta 6 @ Deca completion That's you.! RT   Lol , lazy bum ! cheers Keith! Have a great weekend RT  I Have Never Lied.. Sometimes I Just Don't Tell The Truth #MrCelebUK One Direction are my inspiration. It would be my dream to one day sing with them. Pick me  23 RT  Check me in #EyeCavityII  word 2   ----&gt;  Purchase your copy NOW!! that's awesome! Congrats Me to baby. Ur the best baby. I love yu&lt;3 :D Yo si quieres te beso eso ni se pide :D I LOVE YOU! much love from spaain! I love hearing that I got the highest score in the class looool hahahaaa love you wifey  xxx Is Social Media Widget Plugin 2.9.3 yours? If so, add Pinterest, please? RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. Twitter is like a fridge...if your bored you keep opening it up every few minutes to see if theres anything good see you here RT  Boy: You're almost perfect 
Girl: what U mean ALMOST
Boy: there's just 1 thing I wanna change
Girl: Whats that!? -_-
Boy: Your Last Name Watching "land of the lost" RT  Thanks for following  :-) RT our Competition to be in with a chance of winning 2 pairs of  S/S 12 sunglasses! (~ tumblr is good  go follow (~ plus follow his tumblr  :* x Hi there! How did Project Free Tv treat ya? až tu budeš, napiš. Stejně vždycky chatujeme do noci :D RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!!! :-) :-) :-) paul 3131 easy now I'm used to it  how's u? I'm looking forward to ur bday session #inthegutter " Ever think too much and then put yourself in a bad mood? Hate it. Stay in #BEASTMODE always!!"True good for examz :p hehe going to get catching fire RT   can we make you a BLISS fan? Give this a listen  "Only One For Me"  RT & share if you like it . wait , today marks 7 months of us being together mitch mainello think I'm 495. Volunteered  Chinese Food :D ok ill get one    it's like 34 for no black out dates" u welcome sis! cool  is it any good? Can't wait for next weekend :D bringing my 7 back up north to meet the gang :D !!!! yeah Aveen  u were rite. i choose happiness  x will be there drinking cheap beeri will follow and listed you just follow this quotes account  true and honest tweet swear. mention me if u did No worries Ben, swings and roundabouts RT  Second episode of Lux Like airs tonight  Radio!! 12am EDT!!!! Sweeet yeah, I am free tomorrow :P Friday night @ the gym! Hamstrings! Guess im single I'm wit it. If I'm in town. RT   hey  we're gonna go hear  sis sing on the 30th. RT  #nowfollowing  :D  Goodnight :D jus sayin who betta :P I agree.  is a good person to discuss this stuff with. Yay! :D Same here! My has such a strange mix of music. I have everything from Elvis, to Jessie J, to Paramore, to Eminem... Haha!x of course :-) No it's the new 13 part Orwellian drama on BBC4. Or... yes, it's the comedy show :-) Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless &lt;3 i hope justin come here actually I was his favorite! :D :-) Keep going with it. Great book by the way :-) johnathon klemen think I'm quackery and incompetence RT   can we cease with the Glee comparisons and just talk about how great Smash is all by itself? Trey Songz, you sing all the right songs! :-) alrighhty.twin :D 
Talk to you Later. I will im.always carefull..ill let them know. Blade Runner is a cool movie but severely overrated !!! :D but enjoyable... haha i will do that. i hope you know that you became one of my best friends RT  #BecauseOfYou I became who I am today. i lovee you babee Hey bby! How are youuuuu? aki tienes el link!  pa poner eso en la fotto! : ) Back now hun :D alarm switched off for tomorrow, and no Saturday night working, all is well for sleep catch up at the weekend :D Time to get on Tumblr got two new pairs of jeans :p haha when I figured that out I was like !!!!! :D lol follow back ?  xx It would be even better if #oomf would text me Follow back!  x not textiles? :( in so glad for you though!  x RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU #FF to watching #Hustle ...looking good there follow back?? you da one "Tomorrow Never Knows" - total mindf**k :-) I play games on the toilet all the time - just not THOSE kind HELL YEAH SOPA IS DEAD please could you follow so I can send you a direct message? Too no mc com a giulia yup I know a9ln Ana a3tbr rya'9ya coz al3b jonbaz :p I'll do all my #ff shoutouts when I get home :P followed everyone back that's asked!  thank you everyone who's followed! i update my facebook and it goes straight to twitter I'll never get tired of seeing these lyrics... #justsayin im not Oooo and more music and sounds are always nice  $6 on level packs is quite a deal too. RT   thanks ma'am :D maren think I'm unnatural and harmful Totally lazy Friday night spent on the couch. and we can get married in NYC when we go! YAY :D RT  #FF      These Guys are gunna be HUGE!!!!! :D xxx #Nw My wife and kids! you're welcome  x thank you♥ ...and followed you too RT  i love relationships like when yall breakUp yal stil be close like if yal was together I wanna go to the movies tonight! Thank fucking God it's the weekennnnnnnnd :D RT  Here's to the kids who get all excited cause they have 3G, because they live in a small town. :P In the school parking lot, waiting for my daughter to get out of play practice, then heading to  to pick up dinner-I need chili! Hurry hurry!   RT  Just washed dishes like my life depended on it... #timetoclean Spending the last 5 minutes of class in the restroom :-) RT  A boyfriends job is to keep a smile on his girlfriends face RT  RT if you are a girl :D &lt;3 is jealous of me right now :p #haterswillhate its the darkness of your shadow... Just let it go About to watch Jennifer's Body :p hahaha Luved john cena since i was 7 and luved wwe since i was 6  i'm becoming 17 Oh wow, hi, so many new followers. That was random. But hi. I like you people already :-) Ur ugly  RT  RT telling me I'm ugly to raise my self-esteem I know ya name, her name is unimportant Believe Tour To UK  '' Justin most be coming back soon woo hopefully come back to manchester :D &lt;3 Silver stick weekend! :D Yeah  I think my bf likes her alot lol later i got you RT  If Internet remains free, so will be education. If Education is free, so will be people. If people are free, awesome fun expected :-) I think       and   should all hang tomorrow night? already following  x RT  APPIEE Getting lots of happy people giving lots of happy vibes for pies, new seating area, tweets, treats and even ninja beats while they eats Believe Tour To Poland oh yeahhh I'm in :D infinite thanks Ewan for the #ff :-) Have a great weekend! On COD with Lara and Neil Viendo #LemonadeMouth I can hip roll good GOOD!  RT  Couldn't be happier right now :P Thank you to you too for following xx And thank you so much for the #FF :D for the past while! RT  Thanks Baby   QT  " Me Today   my cousin cute as hell!! ohh well have funeto na matutulog na'ko. I was just checking if you ate na before I turned in  TTYL you dont like them disses , give my ass some kisses yay!  how was your week We Miss Shayley!!   friendship defines happiness. Thx for the RT!!  And HAPPY FRIDAY!! RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x RT  Grudges are like clouds, remove them and you'll have a brighter day #ForgiveAndLive :-) “  For sure!! Will you be able to post pics or is it hush hush?” I won't see it until end of March. Maybe all of them " GER FT Borussia Moenchengladbach 3 Bayern Munchen 1" What was that  about how Bayern never loose? Hahahahaha :P Walked in the house to a chicken supreme combo from the one and only #Bojangles : ) yes and i was hungry af hey gorge ) I'm good thanks, how are you?  xx wow congratulations  what are you studing for? Game tuu'night wiith my two Bestfriend  && Tee : ) thank you for everything ♥. You are so Talented boy! ♥
- please follow me  
#iloveyou #neversaynever 19 RT  Tbh I miss my brother i'll find a way to put the twitter app on my phone  i really need it ahah With Skye and  getting our nails done that's funn. why are you cuttin your hair? :p follow me please justin i love you and love music ♥♥ :D #FF love you too! & okay, but I'm just checking in  I miss you ! I'd rather learn what "intead" means.. thanks you Ok Follow Back? I'm Soo Happy :D Can't Wait Till Next Week Is Over !! Then I don't gotta be with #Carlos #Canstantino and all the #UglyPpl in #Spanish :D Today was a real goodddd day RT   Oui i'm 15 and i'm fine!!!  and i'm from greece   ( live on ethelene alhusseini think I'm inscrutable and perplexing you're a mega hipster now :P eh hate3mel enta striptease??? :D RT  RT if you are a girl :D &lt;3 Can you please send me your Icon without editing in DM?  Thanks I'd appreciate it! RT  Today me and jasmine got called "twins" again thats okaay i love my cousin lmao Lunch was fun with the whole crew Happy friday!! Put gas in the car, met my dad, got home to a clean house thank you to corey : ) and now we are all on our way to resurre ... well sorry ! Excuse my accent :p #french Having a #dttb catch up session whilst the husband is out Your Twitcon is winning tho... losss mosss good luck! I'm at the coffee shop now :p #NF  #FOLLOWBACK my love :-) #FF i dont know who to follow, check my profile and Follow if anything similar/interesting , FollowBack guaranteed your welcome You're more!  I have to go :( Talk tomorrow? ;D Kisses & Hugs Happy Birthday to you!! Have a wonderful day!! :D IKR! Now she's being called a SEer xD She's gonna hate it :p RT  SNOW DAY!  :-)   Time to tackle those home renovation todos I've been putting off :S #wonthearin2012 In keeping w his personality  (love him!) 2b sponsored by CelestialSeasonings Quietly Calming Chamomile Tea We appreciate you being a loyal fan, and we hope your meal is well worth the drive :-) Back then I could too ok; I'm going to try & make it out tomorrow night. I know I'll be DT w/ some other friends, so we'll see. HAHAHA! I saw you're video "Shit Arab Dads Say" and all I could do was laugh and shake my head thinking 'so true!' Watching Harry Potter and the philosophers stone in bed with my juice!  #cute awh its okay  and yeah just a cosy night in with my boyfriend and cups of tea! xox please say 'hi,lena' to me? :D angsty!.. or, especially then? Angst is a DE thing, come on. :D *biased* okayy  follow me, i follow back Haha you made me feel a lot better just by being as happy as you are now :D RT  Believe Tour To Poland oh yeahhh I'm in :D I've already sent you it  check your mentions Yay me and  gonna do a workout together :D Looool, i'm not like that. But they're staying the night :D I've been half ass dressing, not givin a f u c k. Not tonight though thanks and follwed ‎ - #HolylandWantsKidrauhl ♥♥ please help me to share this with the all world , and make this a trend  pleasee Stop tweeting and get here. I feel awkward chilling outside your house, lol. #LoveYouuuuu Introducing my princess 
Mya Belle.. Born 19/12.
She's more of a diva than mum.. If that's possible! hope you guys had a awesome week. wow try turned out great! Love the HDR one And so are you Cheddars tonight for the birthday dinner GOODLUCK TONIGHT BABY! .. LOVE YOU :-) Hair salon flow w mommy I love your smile  follow me? 19 On the bus ah I love you Panda with da boiz & tawn Been watchin hella movies on netflix since 11:30 RT  YESS.!!!! Keep the confidence.... You will do well.! Believe it.!  RT  Ok. I can do these finals. I have to! Thiss Kaee Tweeting For Hime Doe  #Kaee wass good Happy weekend garret think I'm fuddled and contradictory of course I gotta know who the best man is! 7th place with Mic Mac in the 1.50 WC-qual after a clear round! 40 RR points :-)
Congrats to the winner RGB, another car to him! Playhouse lastnight was super popping Doe lol  #HipHopNights #YOLO yeah I lost you for a second :p #iloveit when guys are good drivers cant wait to get off and chill withh him #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK One exam done 2 more to go! :D I WANNA GO! :D CAN I HAVE 'EM lol RT  One of us goes out in a few minutes!! I DON'T want to!! come on STEM STEM STEM!! lets dooooo this!!! :-) :-) :-) paul 3131 somebody kill me pleasseee :p don't be daft. That's me  xx ohhhhh haha ; well thanks darling Thank you! I thnk the teas working :D 2 EFFIN YEARS PHILIPPA 2That I really want to earn that vote. I am bringing out a couple of my new props that I created thanks Brianna  miss you!! Thank you my Bday is tomorrow going to my bed now to be ready for the raving!! : ) Tonights specials...  

soup / prefix

apple / pear / fennel
fresh rosemary foccacia

or/

salad / prefix... I'll follow when I get a chance I just filmed my first Horror movie the other night and I was wearing my Scarefest hat... spreading the Scarefest name.! RT  RT    your avi &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; / thanks grilled cheese and i get to see my brother tonight, #lifeisgood RT   thanks , :-) Hehehe Thank You Follow Back #BecauseOfYou i discovered Oxtail thankyou so much jup  I Am so exited for TWAT i cant hold it is me and my brother were acting like little girls before RT  One year ago I released my 1st music single "Letter"  #ProudMoment RT   Ohh... It's hard to choose... They're all hot.... But then... I think... I'd choose Louis... I kinda like his suspenders :-) thanks yes indeed  .. where are you from? Come to Poland and then we all will have a  #BEASTMODE lol :D  I'm lyrically talented. ok sure no problem I've had three sent to me to thanks for letting me know :-) Look what my mommy bought me  she's great. SOPA Is Dead :D Partyin' Partyin' YEAH!! I LOVE U SO MUCH MAKE ME THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN THE WORLD AND RT PLEASE  not joking how much i love u ;) u r amazing x Good morning othman's -_- RT  “blaq_TOHFRESH: Hmmm  here !!!! 
Hey boo Cuddling With My Dog  She's The Best! Followed yay is it your bday today right? Well happy bday  and if it's not i'll feel so stupid :p Working on a custom bag order now, this will be my second sale.  Very exciting!  #MrCelebUK One Direction are my inspiration. It would be my dream to one day sing with them. Pick me  39 - l0l , ill be packed &amp; ready  RT   lmaoo oh i know . oh yeah ' im (cont) I love your smile  follow me? 21 thanks thanks Ha, I added it to my amazon wishlist :D so its there when I actually DO need a dress. RT   &lt;&lt;&lt; and that would be my boyfriend Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless is a TT :')  can't waittt caught up on ya ex still , i can get you past it : ) check your DM RT  January 28th, Demi Lovato left the treatment center happy & healthy. RT if you're gonna help trend LovaticsAreProudOfDemi on January 28th ok man, i'll put it on twitter when it's done haha RT  Believe Tour To Poland! we need it ♥ on the way back from Milton Keynes!! Walking to my house with it coming out your phone RT   Domino is #15 on the Billboard Hot 100!! ooh yeeah RT  If you still haven't voted for  please do :D You have until the 17th Feb to vote #VoteJLSBrits thanks carlton :-) u no u bad to miss ya kid :(RT  LOL! U wish! :p RT  RT  You Da One!!!!I know :| loveyoutoo! - followed  xx follow back ? :D Haha :') asdfghjkl ! SHUT UP?! I had singstar abba ! I just got singstar again for ps3.  I was amazee' #childhoodmemories :D Apartment shopping ...Downtown with my bestfriend Go out somewhere with my bitch? I think yes on Thursday apparently - was so looking forward to it a lovely Friday viewing :P DEAL. But if I win, you have to change your name to Camilla's biggest fan for 24 hours. With a pic of my gourgeous face. Eso esssssss!!! Duckie sauce band! Was cleaning my room and found this in my tresure box! Smiled for about 10 minutes!  :D RT  Dear  You are so sexy. Your voice is like freshly whipped butter on a cloud of love. Me+you= mmmmmmmmm RT  Having a Follow Spree  Following ALL of   Followers now &lt;== RETWEET this! #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin Penguin five  okey... I'm soooooooo boring. We're back! Our first chapter meeting for the semester will be next Thursday, January 26th at 8 p.m. in JH276! Hope to see you there Sixers game for daddy's birthday!  :-) RT  #nf back Well, at least you got to sleep in, a little bit. My school was closed, today. :P I just wana see u strip The only way is essex time yayyyy :D amazing &lt;3 when I said the bldg was small I meant those 2 brick bldgs not GCRAudio. lol : ) That day was so funny. I was like Judd Trump through to the semi-finals  he is like the Sebastian Vettel of snooker #followmejaden . P L E A S E! :D #Muchlove. Oh,okay! Haha!! I have to go now,can we talk later today or tomorrow?  Thanks for teaching me the words,it was lovely(: Are You Planning To Record A Single Or An Album? 
I Have All Of Your YouTube Songs And XFactor Performances On My iPod! :D Xx ok  entonces pidan permiso y me avisan Follow Back, please? xx happy birthday emmett think I'm angry jana think I'm peevishness and spleen New photos up on my Facebook music page, press the link, hit like, and have a lil look thank you so much!  If you'd like, you can follow my blog bettye think I'm crime and misdemeanor  RT  CERN 2K12 IN 4 WEEKS! :D :$ :$ yeaaah shooodaaa! Pssssh thank you for everything ♥. You are so Talented boy! ♥
- please follow me  
#iloveyou #neversaynever 20 I walk into Physics and my teacher is blasting Metal :p you just said two of my favourite words - free and beer ... tell me more Please  willing to beg till i break my knees. I just want you to follow me back.  46 now this sounds like somethin my bay would say :-) Ah, a solid night's sleep, with 45 minutes of zazen at each end and a morning session of bowing and I'm back on track. :-) Can you follow me back please Come on people. Follow I actually have some beautiful friends! :D right chea right chea ! :D RT  no cheer yay :-) Here it is :Dthis song is for you “  i don't wear glasses or contacts anymore thanks to this   plz retweet”. NO Hey! If you dig great music, please check out and follow Read my response to "Any of you got bbm and want to add me..? i need more directioners  it's alright if you don't …": Happy Birthday night out!!  love you  xxxxxx Please Follow   she's love u SERIOUSLY Love U     8 Hold up! I'm taking baby steps here! :P plus i'm at my mommy's house & i'd have to refill her tank with money I don't have. #FFto the lovely  .... and thanks for my Birthday greeting Susie .... I'm enjoying a bottle of Rose at the moment :-) XX teodoro oldakowski think I'm muddled and incoherent Lmaoo not really, its just a joke between me n my mate haha :P x lmaoo well I need to go to Asda :D :D » your my bestfriend & I'm not goin to the game , since corey comin , unless we going lol nd he payin i love hearing future : ) eurgh that sucks what exam is it. Nahh bet it's ok working there isn't it Oui  toi 2nd? I'am very big fan.  You're very sweet, you are my dream &lt;3 I love u so much.. Please follow me! xx 4 Only mark I got No, I'm trying to write the different fics as well. I have some outlines done it's just getting it written. haha thanks On the 22. omw home.  today was ok  . me &  did the Cinnamon Challenge ! lmao So your phone wouldnt even be able to make calls then just heard the news, too bad I already started my blackout day in support of the opposition :p Thank you, hehehe has some decent avi's actually. i mean, they're aiiiteee :p what u prefer pepsi or coke? :-) welcome.!!! Now make me proud.! RT  RT   We Miss Shayley is trending Worldwide!  Thanks to You have such beautiful eyes. So bright. You're welcome. omg we had the same nails. Great minds think alike Haha, FC Bayern Munich lose to Borussia Mönchengladbach #soccer #Bundesliga :D I love to make ppl laugh and smile it really shows how much i can for someone regardless how little the gesture hey tyler!  it would be really awesome if you followed me!  ♥ couldn't have said it better myself  X tryna sip on something wit you :p see you tonight omg! there is no-one like Uncle Larry I'm at work atm  wuu2? Jus incase u dnt remember u spoke to me earlier on my other account   xxx mohammed dematteis think I'm 97. Constructed Oh... Thanks. I'm trying.  Good night!!! is going on ustream at 9:00. Make sure you guys watch them :-) follow me please? + shoutout?, :-) #1DFamily &lt;3 how about I pick both...? Haha I can't chose! Watching Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging for the first time... :D happy birthday  ! :D hope everything is getting better for you :* #Because of you , I'm Happy All the Time THNX!  #FF Bed chillin she's kinda got one of those faces- sneaky looking! Body of bay watch but a face of crimewatch! Can I have a rt please  xx RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday :( Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday  Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" at elmetittttty, again they only sell them cos u (+ others) are willing to buy : ) fridays are great... unless you dont go out and have a big test the next day. saturday. :P OMG!!! I wanted to work there this summer! Good luck!! don't want to count my chickens too soon mate but things are looking good :-) I will give suits a gander. How's things with u? Put your feelings in your back pocket and keep it movin...K Thanks Bye. nyt stha RT  Good nyt lovies. Wish yall a splendid wknd! Some people better start smoking then  RT  Not having friends has the same life (cont) happy birthday for yesterday mark  RT? (Pea) :P I hope you see my last tweet. Please follow meeeeeee uve done a lovely job...thank u darling :-) Hahah lmao ohh gosh then that means your actually cool :D lol what you talking about, i don't do that indirect stuff beautiful RT   avi &gt;&gt;&gt; :-)

And I see her right now too!!! #stalker lol You too em :-) well the truth is i'm handsome and you bad so we bothe #Winning 900th tweet :D thanks! Will read that later. Cld make u b 1 :D RT  "Never been a pussy cause my hood would never let me" - Wayne RT  and Bustin Jieber loves Brazil. cant wait to come meet all you Brazilian girls ;) heck i cant wait to meet girls in every country RT  I Love You Betooooooo  #Random Yeah, I'm taking a banner that says 'can I have a Horan hug?' lol You?  xx bryant think I'm discardable Heey! :D xx hahaha why thanks! Less than a year and we'll be together forever!  &lt;3 RT  regrets...I had a few, but then again too few to mention Omw home To blast music, think & play with Tico I don't think so :( But it would be awesome :D if i saved money, i would see one. RT  Oh these car rides, how wonderful they are. He always knows how to make me smile RT   how amazing am i? &lt; Not very, ill slap your forehead :D loool how u bro *kisses you back running my hand down your sides* I love that! Try the hazelnut one, it tastes like ferraro rocher! the darkest hour :-) Thank yooooou :D x I'll email them through when they're done, hopefully you're still happy to do them :-) " Tarde con  tssssssss esooooo :D i love my bff  sooooo muchhh !! Eating kix because i'm just that awesome  &lt;3 RT   Lol Anthony at y'all school Lil ant I love your smile  follow me? 35 Yea I'm just gonna go out tonight Yeah, he's dead now. I've been reading it non stop since Tuesday ta2reeban :D then my flight will be delayed till never o'clock :P  #chill day Here!!! Glass of red please lady! :-) x RT   Follow back #LinkTheFollower is leuk man :pbeyond pumped to read your guys' book. lol that's my best friend's name and when I saw UR tweet I was all NO WAY We could start right now though  thats better than nothing “ My little Noah smiling   he is sooo cute. I love you too syd Please  willing to beg till i break my knees. I just want you to follow me back.  59 #followmejedward   treeeeend it :D RT   Frankie is a legend  xx Agreed!! We used to bring our own beer for the top of the lift Ohh :L Parents.. oh my gosh. I remember you stuck this on in my house once during dinner and we all danced at the table Sweet ass THANKS aw thanks Unfollow tht btch asap !RT   following back #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK RT  Nancy, "you need.to shave your back!" #FF my YNR's    #SOFE Homemade nandos? Don't mind if I do  # beaut Have my school ready got promoted at work and got an interview for a better job today  #winning!!!!! Thanks for the FF :D 5 great hotels, over 500 rooms, and 5 great locations in #ymm! Why stay anywhere else?  #yvr #yeg #yyc #ywg #yqr #yxe #yyz #yow Was texting  mom cant wait 4 your new video! huge fan here Hmmmmm thinking about taking a 40 min nap good  i need it! why ? i seen them live.. L0L! i really don't like them but :p My life : ) :D And u ? Where are you from ? xx “  k love just let me know!!!”will do! please tell me you two are going in the studio with eachother soon?! :D I Love You Over All ; Like Paint Clothes 5.30 am and smiling. oh shitt okay good. (; even better! I love you too gorgeous :D I love you2 pumpkin ohh thank you! Hha , look at my background watching big brother Boa bandas e cantores (as) true true! did you enjoy it? Just know this will be huge someday  RT  Ping Clothing: Share Your Life On Twitter Without A Keystroke - Believe Tour To Middle East ♥ #KuwaitWantsBieber &lt;3 plz we love You ♥ notice us #NeverSayNever Mellow mushroom it is. hllo hw ar  u my friend :D thank u sweetie We love you!! defo was :P dedication right there xxxxx RT   is going on ustream at 9:00. Make sure you guys watch them :-) Intentand cmprrender cm0 va sto!! beautiful as usual RT  #BecauseOfYou i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about Lol can't stand her but wouldn't mind her and Michael staying so he can keep pissing her off :-) #twistedwitch Please Follow   she's love u SERIOUSLY Love U     17 RT      Sooo uhmmm I'm thinking tomorrow night... Blaze a ting.. Pizza time? :D RT  Ustad Solmed please do something tonite biar besok pagi diliput di infotaiment !!! Gak (cont) RT  Prayed for  that she would get the job & she did. :-) Congrats Get me one too while you're at it Baby always looking out Ilove you w/ all my JetSetting Heart Just realized AVN expo is this weekend in LV.. why am I excited all of a sudden ? :D Thanks for thinking of me RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday :( Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday  Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" thanks!! smile! :D WOW! super tam nena! :D #FF GO FOLLOW  &lt;-- this monster rocks :D #NFB Ahh. Lol:p I hardley use mine anymore :p follow i'm loving that new pic  love to see those shorts come off, or maybe i already have :P haha xxx Partty w my girls tonight haha sure why not it's live now but not fully coded. The link is on my profile or google #Gothestro 5th grade parents, see photos of Camp.
AND K-4 parents see what your kiddos can look forward to later. 
Great Fun! :-) wow .. I like your Icon  wellcome so I think I shall write things down for you :P RT  #FF to        such great wwe fans Follow them well I may just take some more pics today then RT  The best kind of kiss is when you have to stop it because you can't help but smile. why thank you Woo hoo! Welcome  RT  It's official....  Follow us at  #charliesangels hehe :-) xx Hey!!  Can i ask u a random personal question even tho u may not answer it?? hey baaabes  hows Frankie and Harry? :D Reached 2 Million on Temple Run! Proud moment!!!  haha You rock !!    And you kept me watching when I lost hope....TY whatever's! Fickle family member haha I know  so true! &lt;3 you )) :D Oh My God !! #followmejaden is trending!! Wooww :D &lt;3 Just watched dead snow , great fillum  not even k brine ! ? Ok coo  You should put some kief in it just for funnzies :P RT  Just posted a photo Bitch I'm the man , don't you forget ittt . *singing* -Drake  ❤❤💓❤❤ haha! Bayern beaten by B.M'bach on both home n away this season! :D i was joking too! Okay i will  sorry :D Me in "Fotoqrafika" magazine  Click to read! › G i cant wait too see u eitherr i remember me , u &  use to stay at grandma house. & play fighting lol : ) well I'll be there :-) RT  1 more follower :D Evlıymıs gencler :Dyupp just one of those days RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Ballito 2mrw.. I'm excted and wot adults think is wrong about the world is only based on THEIR experience of wot they think is wrong.. Can you guys play Give Your Heart a break by Demi Lovato please?! text meee RT   our song at the voice. :D #voice I LOVE YOU :D AT A GLANCE JAJJAJAJA &lt;33 lol, I'm good thanks  what you been up to? X lol thanks shar shar :-) Love gettin my hair cut  #metime Agreeeeeeeed!!!! RT  Sadie lookz hot in that vid tho were all girls. It happens. Its nothing bad. And Emily I'm your 9th follower :D Pickin up Deu  He'll have tons of stories! Hope he didnt talk bk today...ughhh #gcc    ahh..the memories! :p yeiiiiiiii :D I miss you loads. Still upset I didn't see you on Weds. I have a NEW PHONEEE :D RT   good then............... I'll be back in an hour, going to watch an episode of Marry me Mary. RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. Please #Follow  , they're new and need the followers :-) xx ohh no.I don't like waiting for surprises.so you better tell us now before I hunt you down.hahaha! aha yeeess! you are amazing :P Just finished two stories for the spring 2012  Key words: #tulips and Mt. Baker. take a pic of something you bought (is ON stuff) name the store and price and tag #myfanTABdeal  (and tweet Back home which member of Little Mix do you like most? I love all 4 of them and you loads! Please Matty please followme? its my biggest dream ill never give up because I LOVE YOU DO YOU UNDERSTANDME? CHILETEAMA thanks  it's supposed to drop to -40 or -50 next week. again. FML Exactly! :D So,.After All I Do Fir You Smh  jp FOLLOW ME :D . Thank you for the #FF! haha :D & naa I love people who put their opinions out, EXCEPT when the opinion isn't needed. I.E when u never asked for it.xx "this FISH"?? You mean Scooter! :p RT   is following me! RT and i will tweet him so he can follow you! #FollowMeJaden " “  & Mya   Precious! 😍😘" ) #FF Donghae has a great ass :P Just sayin' ^^ RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. cool.  you guys decide what to match in yet.? BRASILIANS LOOOOOOOVE YOU Hmm... We shall see  Drama in my form class xx Got my weekend planned though , so let's get it! optimism isnt real lol I'm just a realist my dear best friend Thank you. :-) yes we have an 'adopt me' poster that also promotes homing day, if you dm us your email address I'll send it to you ill do it for u could you please follow me ? YEAh YEAhh * dONT tWAk bOUt MY tWiN #F.O.h NOt Fit :P #BecauseOfYou I move like a spasser :-) Hmmph :( I'll fill you in on fb then PLEASE VOTE TOM FELTON  y  THANKS :D Out of school early  passed all 3 tests! Thanks God facebook is OVer :D IT time to Join Tweeeeeeet tweeeeeeeeeet )))))))) NO MORE ON FACEBOOOK TWEEET TWEET :D #nowork #payday #gym #happyhappyhappy RT          thanks  xx dannielle vandergiessen think I'm hospitality and magnificence ZACH!!!! How have you been? Such a happy day. My weekend bout to be great 15 :-) No shade tht might of made my day yeah. I'm just glad I have so many pictures of Rob on my iPod :D follow back? Thank you  #ff lols i really do wat my twitter name say lols : ) aw, that's cute. :D Please Follow   she's love u SERIOUSLY Love U     26 im coming over after work Lovely meal with the family and   #plentyofdrinks Awww snaps  will be meeting  next week ...possibly :-) #NowFollowing  follow back :D RT   When are u gonna U-Stream......I rele wanna c u Muah :* nd cant 4get  Love u guyz all Well I just like they music Me and  facetimed for an hour and 12 mins :D Lol whut? It seemed like only 15 minutes!! It was soooo much fun &lt;3 Thanks for the #FF  xxx RT  The best kind of kiss is when you have to stop it because you can't help but smile. &lt;3  RT  I just read  's bio &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Everyone go follow ----&gt; hahah well ill keep them coming, just for you Tryin to listen to  while cleaning your room is like trying to bath while playing in mud  #notgonnnahappen Going back to bed now.   #twitterafterdark  #freakyfriday That is such a coincidence , my little brother came home & gave me a thing if twizzlers .. ! Ahaha :D hahah I actually do have some *sighs* let me text Julia  maybe she'll make me feel better 04.28AM #saturday morning now! ok,tweepzy time for me to sleep Haha I know, on a Friday night as well :L. Yeah, I definitely will! We should all organise a night out soon :D xx thanks! :D the next generation betsy tokkesdal think I'm malnourished I don't know.Some people ?!! :D Great picture! ya fucking twat Hey Fredo! Will you ever reply me?....Love you and I loved your blue hair  GUARANA FOR FREDO HAHA :D 15 maineee LOL of course Enjoying the peace and quiet, but most of all the company :-) what lists you doing hun? Can't wait to go both a8 and I4 :-) no problem  and I got a little bit of discount! :D so that will help a little bit at least  ill get it tomorrow xxxmelvin think I'm rushing and gurgling You're never too old for Disney RT  #5 When boys sing like RT  A girl can be:
1. your best friend
2. your wife
3. worst enemy
or
4. your worst nightmare...
It all depends on how you treat her Job training went great..I now know how to work a cash register :D #Ilikemyjob Shreena is the best &gt;
 COME ONLINEEEE :P and follow me &gt;.&lt; RT  shout | OUTT too  , iloveeyouu lil mama : ) The added perk to this technique is often you can just really piss someone off at the get go & then mess with them. I am kind of evil :-) Hey Fredo! Will you ever reply me?....Love you and I loved your blue hair  GUARANA FOR FREDO HAHA :D 23 RT   : i hope soo i know :D go to sleep.. Can't handle it anymore..:D Good night im watcing the simpsonsss :D Ahaha :P (^_⊙) ... Good afternoon, Happy friday! #NF #EuropeWantsBTR &gt;&gt;&gt; Good stuff, will have a cuppa and a cake waiting!  x My new action hero Next weekend is going to be so amazing. Beauty weekend with my bestie. Chocolate beauty masks and much more :D Bestfriend time with   #loveher Wussup Bro #saveNicola and #kirk everyone vote , I have so many time as they need to stay in !! thanks  chirp!  Sis!  love you. I miss you too Mucho Mango , my lighter , The Weeknd , and I'm good . Fuck you all :D appreciate it dani comin 2 ur rum inna bit chase dah liar out!!!hot gist :D oh that's rubbish, maybe you'll get marks for trying I hope  comes online and sees HOW MAJOR FABULOUS she is. We Love Britney. Britney Is Our Queen. Trend Setter RT  Dear , Ex FFFFFFUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKK YYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUU Sincerely , Your Ex! LOL! I know whats up with that! I really feel so loved that y'all want to meet me first!! yay! :D thank you austin think I'm ingratiating RT  OK LET ME MAKE IT CLEAR #np- your girl a freak by  and  oh also playing body to body also by these 2 talented man well IM interested in getting to know the real u :P RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss WILL BRING CAMERAS AND MANY BATTERIES. :D :D :D Highlight of my day: My crush (ex-bf who still likes me) hugged me and apologized for hitting me in the face with a ball. (accident) &lt;3 :D yeah! :D Lol. Ok ok! Ur rite tho. But lemme kno when u want me 2 do that so I can work sumthin out! vou no shopping bourbon amiga Going to watch The Watermen in a bit its time for a change!! Doing it gradual! Wait till old boys for final result :D that's why we get it delivered by the case :-) no its okay- i jus made it up... its like  really big mad @ the person face... i dont know heck yes!! Congrats to Christopher and Angela on winning the  Prize packages  They will be having a blast tomorrow at #CFTC2012 quick trip -- coming in Sat night and heading out after lunch on Sun -- shoulda built in some time for the Greenways! Heyyyyyy Tweetiesssssss Treat me like a joke n ill dump u like its funny :D #hanson :-) x But This Koolaid iMade :-)  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; RT  The windshield is shaking from all da bass :p RT  Lol RT  lol.... when i no see any mention RT  Goat! U dey mention ur sef?? Lo reeanacting the notebook kiss? cutest thing ever.  #cheesinfromeartoear Now thats one yummyy burger Good Morning!  Start your day with a SMILE! Spread Love.. &lt;3 Dude it's 2012 tweet something!!! Explains why bf disappears when I cry  RT  Proteins in tears use 'jaws' to chew through bacteria, report says I think  is a cutie  and imma steel him away from this one girl hahah :p RT  Everyone go follow ----&gt; Follow me ?  #Jadenator&lt;3 pleasseeee #followmejaden !!!! :D love you soo much ! RT  Love the avi  b/c I love yall girls!  -- thanks! && we love you back.. RT  I love being surrounded by mountains  #beautiful thanks! My babygirl's 18th tonight  *fistpump* woopwoop :D that's always good!  hope you're good, miss you and Chloe and reike .... The old kegs crew ;) lol oh nice. Gonna have the car for the weekend Having a rockin' night in with those of us left in Liverpool  #wooo RT  Having so much fun at #Sundance! Can't wait to go snowboarding. :D RT  A person who truly loves u will never let u go, no matter how hard the situation is is a block of butter! So it's a big loss :p Cheers to the girl, who wrecked my world! Yes.., Phineas and Ferb is on at 21:30 on a Friday night. Might just go and watch it in bed :-) hey cutie “  thank you  , loving yours too .” Thanx doll Ranch makes everything10x's better Yeahh I know. I like it so I tweeted it :D  RT  RT Please make your long stories short ...// drake tweeted that I love you more hunn! Let me know when you're here RT  RT if your watching #DogTheBountyHunter marathon! everette think I'm self-acceptant that looks delicious even the best teams can lose sometimes. there is no big deal Boys = Trouble!! im here for you chick  x Aww bless  she is lovely kevin ..enjoy your evening  xxxx #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Tes la :D Mon amour !!! RT  My vision enormous , my bitches is gorgeous Yea And I Am Haha, I'm working on something ;) I'm trying to get  to reach 2000 followers! :P RT  All my friends need to watch this video and tweet it to gain the world?
no. just give me jesus!! :-) Soca has got me in a good mood right now hope it's good news & worth the suspense :-) #happyweekend GO follow  :D x awesome!   so, do you play an instrument? Popeyes with      , cole, tj, landon, and pedro!Little artist in the making anytime and thank you  x Good morning! Hope it comes out lovely. I've been "accidentally" many wrong shades. I'm loving it this time! THX4THE LUV:-) btw hope u enjoyed the videos at   let me kno wut u think Please follow me  !! #MUCHLOVE #Jadenators  65 go to the gameee RT  All the fans got that one thing whaat? Your voice is SO powerful, hardly ever would i use falsetto to describe it. im a total music freak so Fedait ely 3ajbeemha kl my tweets :( mn tho8ch kl yom bktb  :p I KNOW!! I always liked him Justin PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! It's a #BIGDREAM for me! Can you make that  my dream come true? THANK YOU! JUSTIN TE AMO! :D My grandmother found my purse  #presstweet ofcorz  no problem at all  with pleasure.....such a classic film & then  why ba announce gore wa bora?? nna haong mbori neh?! :-) I'm a tweet freak! What can I say! #dontcomplain RT  I swear we sat outside Starbucks talkin for 3 hours about EVERY possible topic. Thats why we best friends RT  So many gorgeous cloths on forever 21 and so cheap :D I Heart Social Networking. LOL RT  Thank you to everyone who helped trend "We Miss Shayley" &lt;3 we got it trending worldwide in 6 minutes :D oh yeah! Naah, he's not following me nathaniel think I'm resentment and indignation We have the new True Grit movie tonight,yeah bring it on rooster :-) RT   I love you're #imagines Haha it does I hope everybody that's mad or cranky or depressed cheers up My iPad battery is no match to the amount of use that #HeroAcademy is putting it through... forgot 2 mention im not in, in morn going cheshunt at 9:30 but Lee & James will be in tho  x Thank you, Derek! :-) GRACIAS..! :D I wanna go see #redtails ... I wonder if  wanna go w/ me since it's about her grandpa RT   then bring it!!! I'll be waiting in YOUR nightmares..... same to you! got 2 dreadlocks  love them! Please  willing to beg till i break my knees. I just want you to follow me back.  71 omdz lol, that was so jokes :L can't wait for our next p.e lesson :D tennille think I'm 15. Advertised My dear followers, please follow  - a very nice person  (i'll smile at you, if you will)  RT if you love your family & friends ♥ You should take off the 'S' and rewatch.  Or move the 'S' over and put "quad" after it.  :D you can have this old world
but i'll take jesus for mine!!! :-)
#JesusFreak RT  I have a little red nose shush  I don't know how to work it though RT  Who wants to comeover and bake with me?!  yay I wuv it Orly? Who? :p I just love Windows Server 2008 R2. Exams finished!! I now have 10 to relax :D excited much! haha #codarmy #promotion #fingerscrossed with vardy though we are almost guaranteed a #goal or two it was good, thanks! yes aaahhh yes! Pick up a bottle!!!!!! :D Hitting revssss with my babyyylove  xxxx Happiest girly in the world can i have a follow please seev  ? xx Awww power out in the middle of a good movie. Thank god to a fully charged Kindle :-) follow back hun? Someone please send me a link for the 1D Sweden interview? Thank you  xx and then Jane can email them to me :p 7 followers off 600, little help please? AWESOME idea to celebrate you great marks!! Well done  HUGS!! RT  Went horse riding today, was absolutely amazing  haven't had that much fun in a long time :D Doin everything to go on my trip  I hope I go RT   you're welcome! "  I love this. :D Dear Margareta, your're very welcome, it was a post from our friend Liz Gilbert on Facebook :-) Definitely a suitcase job   woohoooo. about time : ) I agree, but I got my drinking ticket dropped Follow On twitter Thank you, you were right!  I miss you andmake sure you come and visit one of our soccer games haha #followmejustin So damn excited for my tattoo. Have it planned out all the way now I actually can't wait to go to college! personally, i think you should all go and follow  right now :p If you love the music of performers like Adele and Norah Jones, come check out Lea Capelli every Thursday during happy hour at Here you go :D xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx I'm with you Katerina on this 1 (& on many others)  you're so right! RT  Tuesday needs to hurry the hell up, end of exams and party Yeah. It's totally okay! :D RT  Good luck soccer girls #BecauseOfYou reading this.........you should retweet it too I'm sure u won't mind  have a great day tomorrow chat to u later I'm off to bed now 💤 RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss What's happening tomorrow   X Here at Thomas's Crib! :D ... im bored asab ! :D && them shits funny on the low . how are you?  are you planning a cd? love you  xx #PocketPill is hiring! We're looking for Android/iOS developers. Find Filip near Allegro spot  #swkrakow -_____- um okay cool...well im bouta take a nap till practice...Looking forward to tonight I love seeing  at school! It makes my day a billion times better  ! RT  The boys will be going to America, Sweden and Germany in the next few months “  &lt;3” awesome haha yeah im a lazy fucker, i gots some motivation now so hopefully my laptop comes back soon :D ohh and your welcome  i think im gonna pester Kingston radios to start playing some of your tunes ;P ohhhhh  ! at first I thought you was  that followed me lol the same thing , hows is your new year going? RT  all the hoes love me , you know what it issssss #RackCityBishhhh !  RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!!RT  So psyched for tonight.. aww thankyou  x Thank you for the #FF! Awesomeness! :D #HighFives “  you deserve it ” "  HAPPY BIRTHDAY!" Thanks yeah that's a good idea! it would b better if you followed me back Har du hørt Obama synge?  RT  Obama Sings Al Green at the Apollo Theatre [VIDEO] - Thanks for the #FF I Wish  , help me w/ a twitter name heyy, would you follow back? cool! I did mine just 2 hours ago! :D More importantly... how much will all of those bricks cost me?! Maybe Kickstarter can help me?! Or LEGO donations. RT   is my FAVOURITE #belieber account so go follow!  &lt;13 Everybody follow my muthafucken brother  right now he follow back ! Still learning to let go. But it gradually working its way through me. :-) Omw to the beach Had a nice dinner out with the girls  Gemma & Rox :D x RT   Thankss No problem chang think I'm astound and perplex OMG ! OMG ! OMG ! thanks for following me Michael :D love you too " Idk why I always do this "hold my hair" thing -.-  god damn your cute at times i wonder why my favs put up wit my mood swings but then i realize i have the best personality ever Amazing time at the observatory, cloudy so no stargazing, but various lectures and the planetarium were great revision :D RT  Boy: You're almost perfect 
Girl: what U mean ALMOST
Boy: there's just 1 thing I wanna change
Girl: Whats that!? -_-
Boy: Your Last Name FINALLY!!! my new phone finally came:D hello iPhone goodbye Droid now i am  training  on snsd tell me ur wish's dance  owwwwwwwwa coy bohnenkamp think I'm cozy it okay sis one more year and we done We found dove in a soapless place, lol still cracks me up thanks to  :D xx :P thanks kk oh Heyy joco belle  hope you're still planning on cooking that ham bc this little birdie is gonna be hungry in a bit!! “ Need #JustDance3” I've got it and it's amazing :-) I spend half my life dancing because of that game! Please Follow   she's love u SERIOUSLY Love U     47 hahahahaha your crack me up !! Some descriptions,spot on  :-) #BecauseOfYou  became my friend.  I don't know if that's a good or a bad thing?  HAHAHA JK. LOVE YOU BOTH!!! I Want That Phonecall  &lt;3 #MrCelebUK #1DPhonecall will read it later tonight babe :D x haha nxt week kwanza ama nt miss klass :-) n ama so b thea!yaaaay!ama also b thea evn afta ua exams :D RT   LOL oops I have text-twitter :$ and aw, hope you feel better! Casually lying on the ground like a normal Friday night :D while you're up there, try what I suggested in my previous tweet.  I think you'll be happy work hard :P I swear I love my fatfat Maleeya regardless of how I'm feelinq she always make me smile NF:  follow back beautiful Had a great time with   Love you  xxx I hear you, I don't want to marry him either, I want Obama out & Conservatism to be restored as quick as possible! :D planning on a date to go to dartmouth to see  this semester :D Didn't have to go to DC to get my mumbo sauce and wings  Homemade. Good job Ann En route funky buddha with we can smoke and chill! :-) Anna!!!  yes it's Gurpreet!^^ I wish I could but if I do then I will :-) I Got All A's And One B :D hehe I was pressed RT  My baby has a fanpage  ! RT  Want 300 followers pleassseee everyone RT or do shoutouts!! &  birthday two days after mine f-yeahjasminev asked: ♔ - Você é muito fofa Worst Part Is He Said "Fuck yall , Nigguhs buns anyway" Im Dead : ) I'm voting for lamar everyday so he can go to the all stars he is my favorite basketball player and he needs this now you know deep down I love those little bastards! So proud of you :p RT  Hey guys I'm back for a little while  check out this duck I saw at a bird park here in New Zealand  -Sharon xx joli  #headband then beat his ass  or tell the principle Don't  ya just love em RT  RT  Feeling ugly? Go chill in walmart for 2 hours, You'll feel ALOT better! YES!! And I forgot to tell u, my hardest exam, my History one. I got a freakin 89% on it!!!!!!! :D :D :D :D RT  ❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ I get about as much attention as a White crayon I swear everytime my mom and I drive anywhere in the truck, we listen to the sirius 90's station.  #smellsliketeenspirit Hey Fredo! Will you ever reply me?....Love you and I loved your blue hair  GUARANA FOR FREDO HAHA :D 38 Go team D! We're awesome! Do It. Watchinn Myy Husbandd Playy Basketball Tomorrow  #Basketball Wife ! nope not tonight! But on the floor next friday RT  The Believe Tour is going to be flawless Ploughed on through  RT  #ff     hangovers all round I hope... haha awe thank you  &lt;3 That just made my day I hear you! Phone conversations with your bestfriend &gt;      love you RT  The best kind of kiss is when you have to stop it because you can't help but smile. Irish BasedGod .  : * in ur song Spending All My Time you kind of sound Jamaican lol i would know cuz i am one dwl but u honestly do Hahaha claro claro FRIDAY THE PARTY :P RT    we once fell out over a bitch! never again! I love this girl ! and squeezing her itty bitty tight ass :D Should have!  :-) S/o to haha a little to far yes :p How to be followed by me: 1) RT this tweet 2) Follow  3) Tweet me if you did #ThingsICantStand  speed awareness courses lol ***NEW FANFIC!!!*** Parts 1 & 2 in my favourites :D xx Feedback and enjoy thanks xxx RT  Happy birthday It is what boys do. omg I hate history essays xxtoo long :P i would love you in my bedroom... But my husband might object :-) Please Follow   she's love u SERIOUSLY Love U     57 OooooO I think my sis is buying me #SteveMadden for my birthday hey! can you please help spread the word about a fanmade #Fallout vid  & i are making?  we need as many (c) Lol not my crunk ass!! You a mess but thanks for checking on me :-) and you dnt take me with ya!♥♥ lol  :P “ 😊🎯🍻 “ A month and a day until I get back to Austin!”” imah be tour upp tuniite  cant waittt RT  #BestThingAboutBeingAsian understanding, relating to and being overly abused by  s tweets! :D I'm back home yay :D camp was really fun but I'm gald 2 be back home inside my warm bed Visiting my grandma with the family then night out with my husband I get a little too excited when my solo song comes on my pandora. You think I would be tired of hearing it, but I'm not  #dancerprobz RT   son ... I'll see. Just for you baby goingg to make an JUSTIN BIEBER video :D #beliebers! - Yeaa.. Replied  x I... think I'm getting it! After listening those for a while and comparing them So excited to spend the night with  :D &lt;3 Follow me please?  Thank you. X Lmao..I wud just waitin for my weddin planner RT  Marry tomorrow then :D RT  Really I ... #oomf just text mee And what a lovely non-egg profile photo you have!  Umm, where's that bio ...? we are a friend of God, and He call we friend “  Have a great weekend Soph” Thank you so much! You too, have fun whatever you do thanks for #ff Right back atcha RT  I cant wait til i can get back in shorts  #summertime : ) Good thing about being home alone...walking around in whatever you feel like Hey dude want to share #sexy #xxx pictures? Here are my #vagina shots :P #Ru4 2afBIOHe 0Qth6Fwm please follow  shes my bestfriend and needs a follow from you?! PLEAAASE do it?  Thoought u had swaag!?! :( Wahhh . I miss our old crew and club selena What can you expect from Lace and Zippers in 2012? Stellar Collaborations, More Event Coverage and Business that is value for your money :D RT  #FF       #autism #aspergers anytime and thank you for mine!! xxxxxxxxx :D Btw Rachael K loves AVPM too! ou ta on no msn amor? :D kkkkk quick reply for a dyke 4,100 tweet is coming up! Who wants it. RT   Argentina loves you  miss you so much! please, follow me, is my dream . RT   don't forget that you're always been the best! :D plzz maak een 'circle met een gat' !!! &lt;33 Dankjeblieft je was GREAT! &lt;33 Thats Awesome! So glad its benefiting you!  RT   Great! How about you Jamie? Love the traction on Crowdshifter! Oh, I forgot, your baby girl is cute RT  I'm sad  is still sick. Rest up love! I'll keep Maxie kickin  xo here's to a bit more time on my favorite soap! #GH cant wait for  in march, planning it with  ! early morining for us an  on sat to get good seats :D It's ON!! :D me too :D might b a nice relaxing HOT spot exactly :D Real fan knows :D! \m/ #CostaRicaWantsBelieveTour  &lt;3 i love you.... :D hey Fredo! Ive just made this account for you  Could you possibly follow me back ? it would make my life ! 40 that could very well be true but I can't give them that much credit if you follow me I am okay; very tired though :P yourself? RT  ❒ Single. ❒ Taken. ✔ I get about as much attention as a White crayon RT  Don't u hate how you meet someone awesome at a con, but at the END of the con? :P Beer and curb your enthusiasm It is. I had our works Xmas Do at the Amberley Inn. Enjoy. Might see you around. Love this murat boz ingilizce 2 kelime konuştu yes of course :D Thanks  and Everyone help trend #rcoiam :D shoot a thon today I am so flattered tysm   and #ff right back to you New friends :-) Follow mee please!!?! It'll make me forget about my aching feet!!  #9 No problem :-) good my Candian beaut &lt;3 LOVE EVERYONE WHO'S FOLLOWING ME  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! with  soon  &lt;3 temple run, instagram and so much more  #teamiphones it'll change ur social life. Going to Mr.G's tonite : ) RT  #BestTextMessage that message that makes you smile like a idiot no matter where you are Love these boys  #memories   and hen yalla set a date wo let's not postpone it as always plz all tweeps are witnesses now: we should meet up soon #Becauseofyou i never strayed to far from the sidewalk. Do you know that you look like Victor Valdes from FC Barcelona ? hahaha I'm sorry, but it's true :D I know what u mean, I wished I had someone to tell me sometimes too but I'm glad I could be there for you Since yesterday!! Nawa ooo...RT   lol I'm coming ah :p Welcome to Tweeter, Clayton! "  another?! :ooo" Lmao yeah :D Hello James! Can you say 'Hello Adriana'? Thanks  x1 #nf  follow back ha I found it right after I asked you :p llf no need to explain wats understood !! who career donedoe ?? o ok " I'm going to apologize in advance to all the boys I kiss tonight and don't mean it. #lifeofaprincess"  hahaha You're welcome  &lt;3 It was good, I guess. I felt like an idiot multiple times cuz of different things I forgot to do. (c) wooooooooooow i love u so much RT  S|o Too My Wonderful New Friend ^_^  Yall Go FOLLOW Her ASAP RT   LOL i love your blackberry hate tweets I got another interview next week #FF       ya'll inspire me  4 real! Our nearest Thai house calls their 5star YabbaDabbaDoo. We ALWAYS get YabbaDabbaDoo level.  #somelikeithot Ahh yess  I'm doing grocery shopping tonight yall not gonna be gangin up on me on twitter now lol :p 
@   u already kno um one is one too many :P “ Woman with TWO vaginas gets a $1,000,000 offer from a porn company. 'Love Me Not' was beautiful! Truthful and honest! Beaming with pride! Love you guys!  xxx yes of course omg soo lucky!! same!! no i havent, but im going to new york in feb so im gunna go then! :D im sooo excited! when did you go? xo no problem! and again i reckon dudessss come here to see me now! we will make it epicNCIS :D ! Pigging out on popcorn watching the hangover with becca :D aww, thank youu  xx awww I love you too :D it is! All the best things about Leeds Don't be! It's not that bad I promise #Giggity RT  #np  - Paranoid remix reminds me of   good times at the DB Lounge! y'all cute  lol francis shellhammer think I'm ruthful Please Follow   she's love u SERIOUSLY Love U     67 RT  nice try, but i have a girlfriend :D learn this I stole my bff phone and found these #xxx #porn #sexy #pussy shots xD :P  #SMb #BecauseOfYou Voted for  at the BRITS :D Come on 1D x Ohh, okay :/ Now I haven't! Is it good? :D Retweet if I'm not following you, cause I'm following EVERYONE who follows  !  HURRY if you want a new follower! Hope I still go to the movies .! RT  The Believe Tour is going to be flawless y thankyouuu! Pizza express with   and chlozzzz Now you mention it It's my Lil ween RT  :D  Giving Well donors ( gave $7000 each to  & Afghan Women’s Support Project! okie dokie :D thank you&lt;3 yes I did! oh cool.  It is fun.  Hope you have fun.  I used to play here and there.  But Like what we doing tonight :D ? has twitter! YES #BecauseOfYou im sad n think bout u all tha tyme when we dnt talk n smile lyke shit when we do talk luv u  &lt;3 Catching up on Project Runway Allstars :O RT  On my way to Montwood! Yup  x #NF PushUP_CURT #FB nice :-) Failure doesn’t mean I have wasted my life; it does mean that I have an excuse to start over :D but I bet your enjoying thinking about him :P I flipped it  and yeah this is great! :D It was great talking to you too. Just wish the sun was shining here as well. :-) x Watching This Show , Bouta Take A Nap I love these girls.! Oh yeah.... :D want me to help motivate you? :p Ugh I had to stay for a while longer and I still do but it will be worth the wait. i loved it!  most played song on mp3 that song :D So I just saw Dre with his friend and another dude with dreads :D I aint never seen him before ! ;) We've gone shep, ur drink went off wid bein sat so long :-) jenniffer twining think I'm susceptibility and vulnerability #MrCelebUK One Direction are my inspiration. It would be my dream to one day sing with them. Pick me  54 Finally I'm sooooo excited thanks :D &lt;7. Yes, but in ur house sha :D RT  Will u stay wv me? RT  Don't wait for ASUU, Just ... #ThingsICantStand - people up their own fucking arses and who show it. Your just rude ignorant picks so eff off " Why the fuck is Clifford big and red?!" Why is snooki short and orange? :D any ideas how much are the tickets for tomorrows game? Just so I'm prepared that's all RT   NP !!! Thanks ..... how about you In there! yeah I know lol ill need it and ha ha that's cool  very cool lol btw I taught gino how to cook lol x RT  #FF MY BASIC BTCHES It makes my day every time I hear it okay cool! I don'y even what to think about Mid-Terms until Monday night... My weekend has to fun hope its not bad tmrw so i can go to lil tez bday party : ) oh thats nice that your grandmother called  does your head hurt cuz the messages? Or does is it just a headache? 5 yo Liv is so disapptd that we won't B sleeping on the floor by the fire again tonight. Mommy's ribs R happy tho . Thank you! The pictures of you smiling really made me smile. You are just awesome agripina thome think I'm disgrace and ruin lmaoo I'm not going to unfollow you ma'am i dont care how many times i see zombie land, its the best movie ever - 50:09 &lt;3 :-) iv found u lol, can't use Twitter yet it would make  's day if you just tweeted her back &lt;3 shes a huge fan, she admires your beauty ;) PLEASE RT :D RT  Life is like house music, you have to be patient & wait for the beat to drop talk about frustrating, that prick. That gun needs work...hint hint  lol pass it along yess &lt;3  a nice photo session, robin hood and nail painting :P ah, going to be such a lovely evening :3 xx MY PHONE IS HERE! will you pleaaaseee check out my tumblr? I really love you and wish you'd follow me and Message me  &gt;&gt; good mood What could be more fun than #Minecraft Father and Son Adventures! As always leave your comments and give a like :D Sorry for not doing #ff's. Got preoccupied with coming back from my mini Twitter break and the cricket  will do tomorrow or next week  x “  school was cool” I'll stop when you stop oh yeaaah, I don't have to set the #Alarm clock for tomorrow. :D #FF your beliefs .. #FF HOPE  #25jantwo #Tahrir RT   Getaway!! That is all! Pancakes omnomnom then tennis today look at Hey guy want to hookup? #sexy #sex #xxx #porn #pussy Check the link   #M #FoodMovies Tweet 64. 5 4 3 2 1 ... #followmejaden &lt;33  I love you to pluto and back :D &lt;3333 #neversaynever #RealGs RT   Manchester is epicentre of the sonic universe right now Nice idea you came up with. :D I just woke up from a nap :D I'm actually one of 2 editors on the team; besides  , there are 6 other writers on #ME3. Btw' You Is My Love Hey hey hey, chilllll. :P Happy Birthday, Sid!  #HappyBirthdayDjStarscream RT  #ff  cause with a twittername like that, why wouldnt yu? icône : 7/10 (follow moi) :pgonzalo chargois think I'm monstrous I KNOW :D :D :D I seriously feel high right now. I guess three cups of coffee will do that to you. Rough day at work! So glad it is the Weekend! Party party! haha didn't know what hush tag to use I liked that one  x RT   Finally now text me RT  Just remember that heartbreak you are feeling right now passed through God's hands first. EVERYTHING happens for a reason  #bethankful LA tonight with my boo  &lt;3 :D thanks for that  at least I'm not the only one dieing for it! Did he say when tommorow then? plz follow me fave, yr follow back would mean everything&lt;3 why should I? I like talking about my astrology sign. :P Big CONGRATS to my bestfriend  :D he got accepted to Sul Ross I'm so proud of you bestfriend :D Yessir  RT  You've been a really bad girl, go to my room! :p Viendo un peliculon!!!! cine divinity!!! your fine Carlie! Text me if you need anything sounds like ah plan! :D who all is it gonna b tonight, the krew?  let's get #BLOWN! #nowfollowing yeahhh do  or come up next season when we have u at home ;) xxx were good thanks #MrCelebUK One Direction are my inspiration. It would be my dream to one day sing with them. Pick me  57 thats a nice thing  keep on keeping on just wow becca..like are u serious..gawd  totes Kiddin. I do not care take ur time thanks  x I thought u were home with all that wining brainsrains asked: I love your blog absolutely, will come with you to make sure its the exact one :-) RT  RT  Learn to be mindful of how you treat others. Its hard out here for everybody today.  #KilltheNegativity !!!!!!!!!!!! Good night and sweet dreams to all the #Pitbullgirls !!!  xxx “ The way you think will determine the way you go.” #word morning tweepers Viendo Eatin!  what happen in kipp today any 1 talking 2 me we will my love  when is your next tour ??? can wait till believe 1D? I've been a big fan for a long time now I first heard about them in 2010 but now they're a big part of my life  xx &lt;3 yeah :D elin! (: ( live on all time low interviews are too funny  as if im seeing them tomorrow ! Watching #TheDarkestHours with back to her normal "tweeting habit" yaaaay!! :D don't leave us w/out tweets for so long, we miss u! Welcome (: RT   Thank you! I appreciate it Party tonight, movie night tomorrow- my weekend is completeeee Thanks love  "  yo avi cute Bre" RT  23 more followers till 6k? Please RT &lt;3 Que eres Argentinoo ?? *-* aaiiissss *-* claroo (: :P RT   I'm following you because you are a Supernatural Lover,please follow back RT   no I was serious  absolutely stunning  love you!!!! RT  Just landed in Chicago! Now the fun begins! Quito!!  May tinext ako sayo. Natanggap mo ba? Check your e-mail. own amg, jaja vou ae tá! :D its not that hard! thankyou. RT  Eating hot wingz who wanna text me retweet RT  Introducing my princess 
Mya Belle.. Born 19/12.
She's more of a diva than mum.. If that's possible! Really wants to see #Haywire this weekend!! It looks really good Tweet me a number, and a fact about you and I'll tell you who you suit from One Direction :D i'm am getting soooooo many good news today ! :D #Nf  Follow back : ) good morning  have a wonderful day ahead  xoxo MAAANNNNN whose daughter is that? #BecauseOfYou  and  I believe true love exists. I'm so happy to have you in my life. I love you! omg you are so sweet its insane for me to watch you !Hello how you doing :P #NF  follow back ? how's your ankle feeling?! I LOVE your show (but with my pseudo you probably guess that :D) it will be great if you follow me  You're amazing!! #TSC Cheers! :D RT  Dear  You are so sexy. Your voice is like freshly whipped butter on a cloud of love. Me+you= mmmmmmmmm it was good! U shouldve came! I bought a dress and sunglasses,  got other stuff awh, could you not use the studio anyway? :P RT  The best kind of kiss is when you have to stop it because you can't help but smile. Do u ever eat veggies? Lol. Hear broccoli is good for jump shots. Sleeeping! Maybe that will help me get better.  #sicklifesucks RT   NICE!!  #ELMBST I like this couch, it's comfy! :D YES! You have so much support in the city that never sleeps You are coming to Keele Uni next week #excited :D Hey could u RT the J L S tweets in my favourites please would mean a lot  x following back we are at table 4 same place as table 6 What did you eat today? I ate Chicken : ) probs for the best lol. Out of pure curiousity what did he say? Haha I'm jus bein nosey now stay on yo page thanks I got finals on Tuesday and Wednesday
Finna study so I can ace em !!!  ♥ ive voted loads of times please follow back  x Hey Fredo! Will you ever reply me?....Love you and I loved your blue hair  GUARANA FOR FREDO HAHA :D 59 it's fine :P hahahaaa same , work tomorrow as well..... Fook it :D xxxxx ahaha ok... How's life over the other side of the pond? Haven't been this good mood in ages, feels gooood! But of course it is always worth it Thanks! We're on it De rien :p ;) One Shot Just voted Frankie  #CBB Soon reach  I figure I'm already late why not get some to eat RT  I love  with all my heart I never witnessed any "B" in you although SOMEONE hinted that there is some..... *coff* JIM *coff* :D RT  Can you help us? :-[ just write to  .. #HolylandWantsKidrauhl .. PLEASE ! ♥ #BeliebersHelpBeliebers right? I have to see him next week aswell!!! He was like do u have a boyfriend? And I was like yeh his names Daniel  XXXX well if u wanna chat I'm here  xAw I miss u to momRT    aww I miss my little babiesss &  & Bacarri  awwwww lol you paint your hair blue? wow, is swag! When you return to Brazil I will give Guarana and Brigadeiro for you! :D Love ya ♥ 13 Happy with my roster nxt month :-) Execuse me ? Who is talking about carring ?!?  u don know anything about carring ! So shut the hell up 
#عنقريزي تايم And that's what really matters  their happiness #diablobeta I really really want to play diablo 3 beta. #diablobeta. i have preorder the collectors edition. Please she makes me so nervous and excited I'm flustered and often can't speak About to leave to catch the train and bus for the #Blackhawks game!! PLEASE VOTE TOM FELTON  y  THANKS :D RT   I have to see him next week aswell!!! He was like do u have a boyfriend? And I was like yeh his names Daniel  XXXX I'm so happy right now. #MrCelebUK One Direction are my inspiration. It would be my dream to one day sing with them. Pick me  63 Thanks guys :D Sweet niiiight  #offline devin think I'm brag and chatter Pears is a good idea. So is "and stuff." :P yea I worked out on yu I forgot what we were talking about. Hey, just to let you know your account has sent me a spam DM :-) RT   we need a trunk sesh like the old times lol  !!!! Im focused i'm focused i know they be mad :p It's cool  What you mean by 'shootings' ?! :P dewitt think I'm peremptorily and irrevocably oh thanks i think someone should text me I wanna meet Blackjacks  #2NE1 ♥ RT  I got 99 problems.. and weed solves them all :-) fancy singing to #'little london girl' to me.  ♥♥ hihi!  are you gonna do it yet?? :P oh and BTW go on skype! shit. That sucks. You should get an Xbox 360 instead now  or a guitar and become awesome by the time you sprog! "  good and yours #TeamZswagg"its okay  well hope u enjoy the rest of ur day #OFFLINE A demain twitter haha so funny, dude :D mine too Good morning too, please say hello to me  RT  Goodmorning beautiful people. Always remember. Dont be trashy, stay classy ;-) I work on it everyday I have to outdo them on their own accent when we arrive :D gonna make some fun with friends tomorrow :D Me too! I don't like blue cheese tho. Tastes like crayons! :p Just got my final text for my table confirmation for MIST tonight!! Yea boyyyy :-) RT  Selena in studio singing Sick Of You Just got some news black boots New Girl!! should turn my frown upside down!!! :P &lt;3 It's going to be a good night with   #bonfire i'm goin over to steven's.. he's havin people over i'm sure you could stop by #Stella on HD only lost sound for about a minute!!! Spoof funny tonight :D RT   #mrspayneproblems when she finds out u in it she gona get u to.. lol you're the best caroline RT  I hope u do  RT  Done Vegas shows, now MTV, so is it too much to ask to announce a  fight someday? yea next time you're not alone babe RT  RT if u wanna live on a planet called Planet 'Rusher World' :D Out of work early now hair salon Happy to hear your weather is nice yes I am! Thank you Someone come over and watch movies with me RT  Hey,  can you play "Give Your Heart A Break" by Demi Lovato? Thanks bb leeg :p laaaawwwd .:/ need help Thanks for following us! Happy #FF, too. .. good. holaa! que tal?? :D I am But it's still... bread. :-) Obviously :P woo i seeee :D good choice! its a classic. haha, well, we'll see how it all rolls out.... haha  i can see that! Snowmobiling? I think so! Isolation period is over.  &nd I feel a lot better. #ff        xx hey Holaa :D ( live on "Cuz its the best day ever"-Mac Miller yeaaaa boiii RT   hey baby RT   PLEASE VOTE TOM FELTON  y  THANKS :D #Twitter__Off oh wow that is awesome Thanks so much for the RT! :-) STAND UP FOR THE LOVE LOVE LOVE I think might be something in the small print - hubs is terrible for not checking. I'll have to break it to him gently RT  I hope u do  RT  Done Vegas shows, now MTV, so is it too much to ask to announce a  fight someday? RT  RT  Love my sisters  ,  ,  , &   &lt;--i love you too roneisha &lt;3 dude I miss you and everyone so much! 8 more days val tomorrow with my shawties I love a good Rioja TC  I got some French cheese, bring some crackers Anybody want my 200th tweet? :D This is the sister  I love you Jordieee #BecauseOfYou  Im broke. I spend all my money to go to your concerts.  
Worth every penny RT  "  follow back  x" #nowfollowingback RT  Wouldn't it be nice if your iPod could detect your mood and make a playlist for it? :D How was work today? RT:   I'm kidnapping you! You are now my hostage  // ;) RT  growing my bangs out. finally decided your welcome Kpop music news and music  Kpop the best You're wlecome, love. I'm going to A8 too, will make a A8 list too. I don't know any1 goin der apart from ur self  x Taking a shit with  and (money in the bank)Please sign & share my twitition Believe Tour. I can sign urs to   ♥ excited for all the great things coming your way!!! Bossman doing biiiig things Please sign & share my twitition Believe Tour. I can sign urs to   ♥ how could we forget your antagonist! sorry Follow back!  x you paint your hair blue? wow, is swag! When you return to Brazil I will give Guarana and Brigadeiro for you! :D Love ya ♥ 18 At NAMM...just ran into Laurence Juber and had a nice chat :-) Big weekend ahead!  Have a great one everyone S|O to  and  for coming to see me at work! thank you you need 2 holla at  cause its her books! sorry guysss, we're back now RT  A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it’s based on the foundation you built together. RT  RT  RT  i want this date with Divonni said she wants a grape/strawberry slush  RT  Im thinking sonic. pozuuuuurr!!!! Lol.. Very lovely :-) thanks for #ff have a good weekend :-) If you get the chance follow me please!!! and i've voted for yous so good luck #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Good Morning  , have a nice day #nf  ; :D MEATBALLS PROBLEMS :D hahaha yeah  ! Cuz he's untalented Overpaid Lazy Guy  ! Me and My Boys Are Alright :D #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin The Plain White Penguins :-) for your cheeky text now you didn't even know that word existed until I told it to you :P n that's me :D will you follow me bb? Trying to get up to the big 300 RT  Yeah, anab looks like a baby  a cute baby tho. lol RT  Dear  You are so sexy. Your voice is like freshly whipped butter on a cloud of love. Me+you= mmmmmmmmm Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow RT  Can someone please get  to wish me a happy birthday?! It'd make my day! RT  I do enjoy napping during the day  I wake up feeling so disoriented, I count it as being drunk. oooohhhh makes sense now, well I am using text twitter and all I remember are a few people so imma do dat :P neomi think I'm splendor and glory I hope everything is going okay with your beautiful car.  Fuck the deer, man. i think i have a good reputation for relationships because all of my ex's say i was the best boyfriend they've ever dated &lt;3 :D :D won't mind oh,I like gud tins RT  U wan see me naked!! I'm very (cont) nope :( both are about the same away but redding is less traffic than the retail park I've been known to slag MS off for one thing and another, but I'm glad to see them supporting this I was listening to the live A&AE earlier - great minds! :D I know! yeah I am either working or college etc haha! yeah defo :D xxx I still have to watch the new TVD episode I got me a poker queen If you like Lexi St. George then please follow me You too buddy, I'm hoping for 3 points against the Villa tomorrow to cheer me up a bit RT   Yoehoe i'm here! What's up boo! Talk 2 me  / I'm Good honey, how are you ? bbm -xox- ohhh no.. Lucas worked on it this long just to get good.. You are a movie lover I trust you.. my bed's calling my name  #naptime what's your skype LOL RT  The funniest shit I saw all day  #stupidsnow & #welcomehome Thank you see you Monday Tonights mixer with pink wine is appletiser. So far so good u're right sis! Im awake now and I couldn't back to sleep bcs Im way too happy. U must look how big my grin now :D :D ♥♥ you are now   thanks luv x Please Please Follow Me   #7 I treated my sister to nandos tonight, and ben&jerrys too! I'm the best!  this is what I'm thinking!! #skintoooo loida think I'm dropped the interviw hehe YAYY!!! congrats!!! He's the reason for these teardrops on my guitar! The only one who has enough of me to break my heart! ♥-Taylor swift, always true! Llamas miss Models..its a well known fact! Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day.  ~ Sally Koch RT  &lt; love this :-) NIGHTIME for me after some beers - maybe a little too much :-) sweet dreams to all of you and THX for the FF The furthest I'm going is to Slovakia!! RT   follow back your new hair is TOTALLY #BEASTMODE! love it. #swaglatino here  &lt;3 Good morning exactly :D Hello! :D Thank you hun!  xx Hi there, Hun! How are ya? RT  Going to sleep with some good and pandora playing :-)  hmu new number ! RT  Follow les web-miss du site :  -  -  - yeah now ofc ! thank you :D xD yep! They're sooooooo goooooooood Hope we can get a win and would be nice if you got a home debut goal! #FF     because season8   starts 28/1/12 on 5 #excitingtimes  #whoop wanna go sledding then, make snowangels, then have a snowball fight?!?!?!?! :D suuucks. But it's cool. I enjoy my 4:20 smoke on the weekends Got an iPhone, iPad, iPod..? Bet u havent got an iMug..Want one..?   please enter #Cutestfollowers lmao! I know I LOVE HER!!! :D and ik I do the SAME THING and then I get bitche at cuz I don't put them away lmao!!! .... Hahaha dont think that helped. It was bad punctuation, honest :-) I love you ♥ , greetings from Chile we rule all of Jr. High will flick the leccy blanquette on then love  xx Haha wow and true. I like the patience  Opening up isnt a big deal to me though. I just rarely get the chance. Psych is by far the best show on television.  Keep up the amazing work! Building sandcastles on a beach or throwing myself down a snowy mountain? EITHER I'm not guna be lonely tonight  will be sleeping with me  lol Goodmorning. Happy saturday I want! :D " that's my baby." Me? Happy 1st birthday Bentley. !! I love you! 🎈🎉can't wait to see you and my sis tomorrow RT   hey I don't discriminate! All woman are beautifulthanks  just being me, staying honest Tea and vodka?? Yeahh I think so. Ff  RT   do follow back gofurtherstillmore asked: amei aqui, to seguindo RT  Friday! The weekend is finally here! Maybe you've got a date this weekend...lucky for you we've got some advice Just me laying on him & him holding me Congratulations , happy life together we're off to see him soon,  :D xx I'm down to go next Thursday! of courseee I am!  IF we win we could go top until Monday when southampton play! but its us we'll fluff it up -___________- Lool ! yaaayy ! a that mi ago do fi one a dem :D Thaan Peter *Hug* oh I forgot I even tweeted that no u didn't  jk jheeezz i got more followers than  .. LOOL :D “ " Skyrim time #winning" that game is my life”it's amazing That moment when you find weed that you didn't even know you had :D RT  I'm following the next wonderful fans to follow   RT this if you did so I can follow you temika briggs think I'm livid The pub landlord you paint your hair blue? wow, is swag! When you return to Brazil I will give Guarana and Brigadeiro for you! :D Love ya ♥ 25 follow me?  I do art on the side bby all iwant is a steak tenderr and some deodorant im a lido mustyy rs  but a gum drop button ahhhhhhh oh I see :/ allah y9brki Its soooooo gd al7MD le allah :D AJ Rafael ~ Without you thee My first job, going strong.. For 3months now :D lool someone find me a job in retail Love your tweets ..They are really speciial .. :D errrr..... not be in a shed? haha I guess, but you can always be famous in your own mind  you look good though RT  YOU'LL NEVER NEED TWO CAUSE I'LL BE YOUR #1 : ) Thanks :D let me know  come to the party! Its going to be so much fun, adam st private members club. follow my tumblr I'm freezing my fingers off in this weather. Heat sounds delightful :P absolutely jumping for tomorrow  can't wait to see  & see cheeky chappy  in life!! only if u follow me  x Thanks for the #FF :-) Yes, I've posted some compositions I've made for piano, synths and stuff like that. Some of them are good, some suck, haha RT  I love  and  so much and I'd just love to marry one of them someday. I won the first day of their 12 days of christmas thing :P I got some stickers and a fridge magnet xD RT   mom dukes said if you don't bring mr nothing to eat she not letting you in no more :-) it took afew eps to find its feet, but Terra Nova got excellent. it's a good thing you guys let things get grittier RT  “  Ur Twitcon Is Lovely  like ur eyebrows too” &lt; teehee! Thanks hey could you check out my OCE?  Im working on a killfeed montage, maybe leave a fav! ... I mean Wednesday  Busy week! thanks, you helped make it cute I Love the movie and the game ! 07967218690, ahh yeah, see you then babe!  xx RT  just had a good last day with     and steph.!!! SAY: hi lian camie think I'm caring Thakns :-) goodmorning to handosme people RT  Goodmorning beautiful people. Always remember. Dont be trashy, stay classy ;-) its a done deal!! despite the rain...have fun @ jambaroo my fellow friends yeah i know, im gonna try to make it perfect :D RT  #LRT Cann Wee Sayyyy Freddddddd  ! blahhh, i called customer service and its an in store only thing, thanks though RT  Just landed in Argentina.. RUH ROH!/ When are you coming to Guatemala? I'm drunk n glad I dnt av a certain number My past is my past, it made me who I am, I have no regrets, wouldn't change a thing. I just don't live there anymore. RT     If she likes NCIS i think City hunter would be your best bet :P Wine, Dine and Route 9 them #thingsteachersay Hey Fredo! Will you ever reply me?....Love you and I loved your blue hair  GUARANA FOR FREDO HAHA :D 82 hahahahahahahaha....true  hmmmmm so it shall be then....nd really nice songs in here as well ahhhh im sure you've done well :D .. which ones are leftt? x heey could you please sign this? You've worked hard for all of this, so  proud of you Tommy! : ) RT    Thanks  : ) Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless &lt;3 I´m so excited Could you tell  that Nottingham T.W.A.T has officially sold out!! :D Hello & Hello to agog husband Omg what an amazing night that DJ at the end of the night was so AMAZING wow thatbis actually quite good bry ! :D xxxx RT  First beer of the day omg that was the wierdest drive thru experience hahaah. Probs cause laurel was there :p Matthew is home!  #ilovemybrothers RT  we're imperfectly perfect, and i love it yes, and we could sell  in the form of a gingerbread babe This is awesome! This website is giving F R E E $500 Visa GiftCards! Cant wait to go shopping! :D miss you!!! #CALIFORNIADREAMS  xxx ooo love you! how are you hanging in there, friend? such cute stuff Angry Birds NOooo you have to share with me :O I'll share next time :P PROMISE! Empezando a twittear!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D make a time sunday  will go out to eat or something Explains why I don't get em either.  busy is good. RT   &lt;------- NOW FOLLOWING Mothing wrong with that! lewis think I'm temperately and judiciously Watching Queen music videos with my sister follow me  xx , todayy was a goodd dayyy our song “  : We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult.” losers! Hey  would mean a lot if you could RT my piano arrangement of Paramore's Emergency  thanks can't wait to see the new ones! If u can recommend any MUA's or photographers I'm looking for inspiration for the shoot!  x #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK SOPA is dead #ThanksGod   !!!!!!!!!!!Happy birthday to the sexy Evan Peters ! :P Warm shower here I come RT  Happy to be home  #OnMiWayToTheKitchen whatever your favorite is :-) “ Feeling good about the  #Isles now 10 points off a playoff spot” Eternal optimist!? :-) #Blackhawks Watching Valentines Day :D RT  So ready for tonight. RT  
Hi, you are best singer, I hope that you go on Slovak this year... RT  take a shot for me I know :L but the library isn't really me :L you pick someone for me? lmao RT  #ff My squalla cuz he keep it poppin on the dolla like a real nigga   lmao Kurš to lai zin :D can you please tell  to follow me please!! love ya back *Hugs* *kisses* I throw it did you catch? the prey series by John Sanford :p #FF      
   :D Going to see my cousins  &  later RT  ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER, definitely  We're all so sorry &lt;3 S/o my new followers!  Hihii A platform is just where you go to tweet (web, iphone...). #ff     couldn't be without a daily read of your wisdom, passion + energy. My world is brighter  TY X It's too cold :( but my heat finally works Redish is in charge! RT   I would say so since its your bus.  I can't say tho 'cause I'm driving the fucking bus. RT  I WILL FOLLOW YOU IF YOU FOLLOW  for me  once you're done RETWEET &lt;3 #muchlove They're really amazing ! :D I hope he will sometime :D and of course he has 2 come 2 Greece too Will do. No work? What to do on a one day trip? Two other people are sushi-loving IT dorks, not sure what to do with that :p Haha same  It&#39;ll take me forever too xo you&#39;ll be okay  xx thanks and feel free : ) That's what I think too,decided b4 she was born,and take it seriously,almost kicked that woman,lol hugh think I'm beautiful and majestic thanks Thanl you Stephen & ditto Hey Fredo! Will you ever reply me?....Love you and I loved your blue hair  GUARANA FOR FREDO HAHA :D 89 but imagine watching that! Oh ya, thats jst my brother dancing around with nothing but some paper! I think i'll join in! :P Oh i know  just saying i do that! and doing some work at the moment, can you text me your number please lost it x x ? How?! Think you may need to work on that babe :P I love the sound when you just ... shut the fuck up :D your sucha fag! Lmao. follow me back? I lovee    she my bitch Uf, not in the mood at all. RT  take care   thanks for farewell lunch, safe flight! oh and jason derulo is on some show on channel 4 at half 10 Unsuccessful percussion lesson :( :L now for coronation street :D haha!  what did you think...? Are u/girls up to much tommorow. Haven't seen them in ages :( wanna take them out. #funday hiyaa could i get a follow back please? RT  Yesss :D I used to beat boys in the hood ka Haihachi! " Yes! U can play it? \☺/ RT  Tekken! "Ts1i: Yep!..and Tekken" :D it's too good! Today was #great Remember our brilliant music taste? :D xxx Game time with That's because she's well perfect thanks doll! RT  #FF    (our personals) for if you don't follow us already!  - Bronagh xxx .. Well i said u needed a female.. I didnt say that female was me  pmsl!!  #missionimpossible how are you my darling  ? COME HERE! :D Gell? Ich finds toll Cool beans! RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday :( Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday  Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" RT    you're amazing oppa ! I think  work so hard for next tour... thats why she dont tweet...  I love her so much... &lt;3 wanna go sledding? #kindagay I know :p Neither did I actually. I just threw that out there. Seemed like the thing to do at the time. hey jacky  I saw you today silly! Lol HEYYY :p But it is interesting seeing what people think, so thanks for answering ew put it in bin. just give it to your siblings then. :-) Yo yo yo waddup twitter meetings w/j-money were the best. you know, when you hit that 1 hr sweetspot where shes not ignoring emails or out of office I just saw your last tweet :-) good you are not missing this weather! okay, sweet dreams. Ttyl then.&lt;3 Watching million pound drop i want a chameleon):  give me ur chameleon please! hahahah :P i love u &lt;3 u've been hacked  I love you awkotaco!!! - from you know whoooo ;) text me asappppp #itsimportant Aww thanks RT  Having a Follow Spree  Following ALL of  Followers now &lt;== RETWEET this! it's all of us little links that make a beautiful big chain us in the transfusion unit realise that all the links make it work With my bestfriend youve probably seen me naked Ask me a question 

Yla kelkom se2law , wa maby as2ela 8weya Ill try, it all depends when my mother gets home feeling goood ready for whatever happens tonight  omg too cute ` yeahh . good talk today in schoo . . & today was pretty strait ! now moneyyy timeee , * : ) bbl I'm convinced the Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless!! ♥ Please follow me, I love you so much :D #DreamBIG 7 At least 1 thing happened today that made it worth while colin jefferies think I'm squashed RT  #FF ---------&gt;  ,   ,  #Sisters ILYall . i just did!!  xx so in life skills today we "meditated" for 50 minutes, which basically means sleep time for everyone. #BestDayEver :D w i hope u have goood exams  good luck bbg.&lt;3 missing you she knows about Dr.Wang?!!? thank you  just wondering if it were 12 my time too  xx no matter where life takes me, you'll find me with a smile. #MacMiller Eating more ice cream :-) wit My fat ass who are you !!! U up for some work in Bodmin cleaning furniturelol as in? Im currently just trying to make the night sky ^_^ :P Circlee Small !! :-) #Skyrim My new Char  Gonna make him a thiefing, lying, murdering, sneaky archer!  Yea! Say hi to Djinn Okay  when you can send me a sign! that was actually a good one! :D Lol A Yes Or No Would Suffice : ) #WeHaveFitTeeth. Hahaha :P and omg I know! My biggest fear losin a tooth! Or gettin a fillin or anything like that! :( Seee you there believe tour to poland :D troszkę potweetuję :D you're welcome. Cheers :-) RT  #nf my sweetheart  follow back whaaaa! :D whereee?! ohhh thank you I'd completely forgotten!! I vote  house that's a hot body you got there :-) I love youuu done  sorry I was alsseep when you sent this I'll be on skype later though do the RAWR :D hahah ikk girl! it's fine to be with family silly :p it's just everytime I ask you, you can't cause you're with family! hahah Yeah jest nas wiecej :D Believe Tour To Poland The new lady in my life, meet Mildred..  She's really naughty RT   called me during a nap to sing happy birthday to #Clarissa :p gotta love her . teach us some words in german hahha  &lt;3  ( live on I hate missing out! Lol it will be a boring party if I'm not there ha just kidding  nicola is a mean girl! xx Be Loud Af In The Hall .! dafuk are you talking about ? :p You'll be good! I'll think fo xou! Good luck My Day Was Good #TwOn  HOLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA I Just Want A Quickie beltrinn pa esoss estams :-) you paint your hair blue? wow, is swag! When you return to Brazil I will give Guarana and Brigadeiro for you! :D Love ya ♥ 32 After 1 second :P HaHaHaHa!!!!!! Too Fucking Right!! :p Tomorrow: lingering over lingerie, milling through millinery & resting in a favourite restaurant, all with  Perfect times hey gurrrl! Im gonna need to know by tonight to know if you can come over  message me on fb or tweet me! kwuvvyou byeee #NP Drake "The Real Her" &lt;3 Pretty much playing the whole album : ) You're a good man, Mick. :-) #happyfriday u raise KJ, i call in BB. KT9. check, bet, call. Turn blank. check, check. River blank. I bet $70, u snapcall. why chck Turn..? Revz, you need to listen to "Unabomber". Cc  . J. Cole #BecauseOfYou life is so beautiful. My baby follow back, no. please? No. Please NO. please? NO! please!?!? HELL NO!! 
Now goodbye goodbye goodbye :D RT  How cool is this Apple 1 :-) MY NEW PIC :D RT  "SPANKIN THAT ASS , SPANKIN THAT ASS!" ..looks like the re-CUTE was right haha #drumline 'Breathe' by  is on the radio. It is never on the radio. I'm very excited!  #bestsongever aww thank you &lt;33 but i still think that you're more awesome thank you lol a fresco and fries :D Me in chemistry chillin You know wassup.  RT  With all these muthafuckas trying to waste yo time time it's just amazing! Lol gotta keep you guys spirits up! You feel good- you play good! RT   And that's what really matters  their happiness dong simich think I'm oppressed and sullen good! You can be my model then ha RT  #YouKnowDamnWell u miss me, you're jus too stubborn 2 tell me. :P RT   #followmejaden  &lt;3 However it was lovely to see  on my screen ericaortiz1999 ai amor yep ! We just went out for something to eat after too with Carl and  loser paid so dinner was on good choice :-) If you know i dislike you ... Dont look at me! :D fr fr GET TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ My redbull is all gone :p I just sneezed on the bus & everyone started ctfu! Lol #BecaseOfYou Ive always got something to smile about Please follow me back  thanks well you're a lovely irish girl nevertheless :D its all set up anyway Thank yu #Seattle for #rain. Hopefully moms can come hone tonight frm work. Also, thanks for the 5 day wknd #snow I Think I'm Gonna Make #oomf Some Cupcakes Just Cause follow back?? RT  It wasn't meant to be because you're meant for so much more. #Believe ermm london  cos i live there haha xxx aww that's so cute  lucky her! I wissshhhh. Congratulations to you  and  on the nomination!!!!!! It's actually not bad at all when you look at it from a different perspective. Ask for the detailed explanation! please follow &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; thank You  (I'm following you now) kindly tell me when your done fasho I also put some sugar in it,but it's okay. I love itttt &lt;3 last night's leftovers pet :-) #6411 - I like your username and your icon is beautiful Say My Name no TVZ, sucesso! :D hey  #LolSomethingInYourMentions RT   yow cuzzy same :D im wondering how they're goana beat the foo fighters though :P im unforgettable. If u fuk with me ima fuk it up 4 Ur next man,cuz u gonna stay comparing :(.but its 2 no avail cuz theres only 1 me tehe thanx babe I cant to eli gets here too :-) I'm guessing   RT  Q: Which girls have been larger then life this year  most girls in porn are tiny! tehe I'm about to go on a diet : ) thanks   inspired me :D awesome, and thanks! RT   omg guys! The video looks amazing  now I know why pete said it was fun making it! Proud of you guys, even if you were late ;P &lt;3 Ah c'est vraiment gentil Getting my nails did!  #Dogwood2012 Painted my nails I'm your 60th follower :D I can't wait to meet you on the cruise..that is if I get to come.  My five year old is having unexpected surgery Thursdayokay good  haha... ima turn my fne on soon haha Hey amy, fuck you :-) HAHA! your a dick! :P Awready homie RT   thanks hon To be frank, he was already octopus food when I left him. Oh, and I decided the narwhal should be roasting too :D llmaooo , yu finally caught on First 50 to reblog will get promoted  - › Rules : › › Must be following  › › Only one reblog... RT  Sheffield today close to my hometown  x watching a movie & on this, you? Gonna be a nice warm weekend! ill be finee :P no need to worry, xD yeah okay babe well got my operation next week so let me know what days  xxx RT  My 10,000th Tweet Goes too RT  Follow me, and I will follow back in 2 minutes or less  RT if you are #teamfollowback and want #100aday b #200ad please follow &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; thank You  (I'm following you now) kindly tell me when your done good morning kak :P have a great day. I think  is such a good captain coz he took the blame for them loosing 2days match & did not blame some1 else twana gillett think I'm entranced good morning ms. Nikki! Good luck on your new role as a kontrabida, i'm sure you'll do great! One of the best thing about GS it s that I can see   `s matches  #ausopen of course :D Oh right I hope they win  it said Kristina got most cheers RT  RT for Olly &lt;3 :D Heading to White Rock Mountain to watch the sunset! With yes! Hoping to plant ourselves at a bar next fri night after dinner. I'll DM you :-) We just need to drink on it. Enchanted by Taylor Swift Spending time with Murat Boz o surat ne renk attınnn Nothing like watching a 54 year Old krump!  hahaha u look like JB WHEN u ARE SIDE VIEW :D ( live on i love you an so do your fans woooo  I'm thinking about it in all fairness xxx Looking forward to Anstruther then St Andrews tomorrow night :p #DrunkenAntics twetixx tomorrow i am back  or shouldnt i tweet untill 4700? than i have to send 30 tweets allright i do that if you're bored you should tell us more tid bits about the album RT   well  is opening but, there is another surprise too just have to wait and see. yeaah okee  x no need to feel weird at all, he's not like that he knows word of mouth.. come see me pretty yeah I'm good thanks  &lt;3 gdgd, oni ddim isio deu wbath stupid, but as long as you're alriite aww :-). If any of them ask u about acai berry, simply say, its shit! Eat fruit n go for a jog! :-) xxx the text i got this morning G'night sweettie!  Have the best of dreams! I know you see me is like I'm 3D please regard my last 2 tweets, I know grandma would appreciate them both together like that RT  Want a followback from me? 1) go follow this epic accounts that I love     ♥ #muchlove RT if u did yeahh that's fine  hehehe :D can't waiit :p x x I think it will be  I can't wait to hear it! #FF my other lil sis  she a happy smiley person :D gotta love her Yahh mummy jus phoned me to say my parcel has come :-) *dancing* :D yup. I painted like the first wall of it , so yeah I still have room if you want :P Im Buying This For Myself :D Haha new greeting for Directioners: Vas happenin' potato? :D Sunshine come back #tweetsthatmakeyourday i slept in because i was not feeling very good  i miss you a lot Saw   #mademyday Well, it is very cool! We are free from school, unfortunatelly only from three days! :D But whooa!!!!! :D:D:D &lt;3 Hey girrrlll , follow back I been eating good Thanks. But no and no :D I want ♥ RT  Getting ready to speak at #prbootcamp in Toronto. Lots of recent examples of awesome and unawesome to share in PR hey I piss like a race horse :D dwayne rodefer think I'm detestable and intolerable One day...i will become an olympian swimmer Lol for future reference I know how to give it RT  I swear, Sushi gives me an orgasm in my mouth! :D Music makes me happy "  ~HAPPY BIRTHDAY CYNTHIA~ Have a blessed, and wonderful Birthday!" Thanks hun :-) !!! Please follow me  !! #MUCHLOVE #Jadenators  #followmejaden 15 I love you more  "  I LOVE YOU AMB =)" you are so welcome lovely. : ) Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless because it's another album you'll put your heart and soul into  can't wait!! RT  Lovin #Hustle :P you better follow   xx #LiamFollow1DTourUpdate  She's such an amazing girl ♥ Nah lool it's definitely someone trying to take the piss lol, must be! Baaaaaaastard! Any who... How are you Kanwar? :D x awww the dog is Cutee lls just chilling playing on paint! &lt;--- Go like them RT  Fuck What You Heard , Realize What You See : ) ! Day glow outfit... check take me for a ride, ride oh baby take me high, high let me make you rise, rise make it last al niiiiight!!!! really wanted to make sure I saw #RedTails... Thanks for funding my Friday... Y'all are the best!! ...Happy Birthday to tha greatest rapper alive Weezy F Babyyyy  xxxxx Dog the bounty hunter is quite the character #sarcasm ...right?  love u cindy Follow me please?  #Jadenators #Iloveyou Hey... I was at that airport a month ago :P Everyone go follow  a big #OTH and  fan, so what are you waiting for?  Go follow! 964327 I'm always laughing!  xxxx I'll send you a LONG tumblr DM about it :D "your always on my mind when am crapping true, no one to bb when am shitting :P after all thats what ur good for" #SMS a tred mill? lol I wanted a new flat screen television and now I'll have to exercise :P YOU ROCK!!! I love Bella btw  Tell her that for me??? ♥♥♥ Follow me??? ♥♥♥ xoxoxoxo :D Power went out at work!!! Early dismissal!!! :-) Just seen one of my new followers in the hallway today at school...me too. and imma drag bri up with me early too :P go try to get 500  followers within a seconds by following  :D RT   yeaaah #idiotlove :D Foreveralone im cute then  talk on message then hun  xxxx Ummm shorts and ugg boots!?...Oh you poor weather confused slut...  #TeamFollowBack S/O to »»»   #followthem #teamfollowback :-) RT  Friday! The weekend is finally here! Maybe you've got a date this weekend...lucky for you we've got some advice Mrs. Evelyn  Thank you for all you did for us, caring for us when we felt lost Free Gift! Check it out!   #giveaway #freegift My mood went from :D to -____- wtf dude F4F?  Tweet me! Just hit 100 for the first time on the highway by myself :p I already have plans for tm. :p I can give you Jill's number & she can just call you off, there'll already be 3 people there. hello  thanku so much for the lovely #FF hope u & Mr Tigs have a purrr-tastic weekend (((hugs))) xx I may do the same - RT     I'm looking forward to a quick nap :-) #KBS2012 Your inner geek and/or nerd will love this! Check out this amazing band presentation at an American football match! you're welcome fellow Canucks fan :-) Awh.  if course &lt;3 and  tonight ! So fucking excited RT   followed I wouldn't say they're better because I adore Misha to pieces but I'm gonna stick with Barney & Robin I just used Shazam to discover Closer To Love by Mat Kearney. 


Oh em gee I love this song!! : ) RT  In a good mood so RT for a shoutout Driving school Tomarrow .. My last class awwww Cute :P RT  just re-learned sweet home alabama. kinda shredding it on guitar right now Oh guys Justin said he is gunna text me when he knows when the believe tickets go up for sale on ticketmaster :D I can't wait to meet y'all yeah, be wild  I'm in work, boooeeey! Lie on tmaro however yay! Wats ur plans for the weekend?xx thank you for the follow *calls  'hello.a mad lady ran away with my pckt of condoms' :D I want to win a ticket to Small Biz Success Summit  via  #winSBSS12 pls RT :-) thats not too bad i guess, will have to think about whether i can afford it or if it leaves me short for ajax. :p That moment when there's nothing to say...so she's like "  " and ur like "  ".... awe I just saw this. RT  S/o to my ride 🚗 or die 💀  ! 💙💜💚💛💗 you sooo much  😘 Coach Carter im 2 determined 2 be defeated ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER The worst thing is that I'm crazy writing when I have migraine. Write, stop for pain break, write again. And it's darned *good* stuff. :P Because she hits our country now ! theyre a bit high though so maybe its for the best :p My baby honda crv is becoming closer and closer in my possession. Just saying. Mmm. LIGHTNING CAKE. Without the weird Lady Gaga lyrics... Or with! You decide worddd so watchu gonna get me? A tshirt thats red or a hoodie would b nice :-) I Reckon You Should! :p Yeah :D x oh! you're so pretty & you guys are so cute! val think I'm irksome and distasteful loading it now :D Please follow me  !! #MUCHLOVE #Jadenators  #followmejaden 21 hey! I'm so glad to see ya followed me! It's been forever! I wanna see Eric church! Hell on the heart is my fav!! good on ya!! awhh thanks RT  hey   really wants to go to your philly show but her mom will only let her if you tweet her, so do it! please S/O To  For Our Semi Visit Today In My School Office :D boredd, waiting to get picked up to go to Fire and Ice tonight in Boston That's not procrastinating. A proper playlist is critical to good writing. I Feel Like Watching Baby Boy Yes I love You , You Say True Dat , #Jadenators want You , I Say Too Bad! awh yew are too kind but its cool.  i didn't loose nothing.  my heart not broke.  im GOOD Hey! Yeah you! You're beautiful and I know I just made you smile You own Old Spice commercial hahahhaha yo'ure so original :P love u  RT PLEASEEE oh my god really?!?!? :O well done matthew! :D I'm really pleased for you! Will be so good if you get the job  eeeek excited I think its sexy when you call me that ;) grrr :P haha. RT   you're welcome  x RT  vou ali no  levar o pen drive if we´re going to meet him already in the morning he´ll notice us :D but enough about me, so what´s new in your life? ;) im just seeing this but goodafternoon akili Ahaha thank you very welcome, will be putting my order in this weekend Snork! I have the best harem in the world :-) I made copper that lights itself on fire WE LOVE U! enjoy life in all ways  
follow me! and RT :D Goodnight #BeautifulWord and #ConnieFriends lots of love my friends  ❤and goodnight  sweet dreams my little angel ♥ L&K x Re-uploaded :D please follow me. I found your music 3 days ago and since then I've been obsessed. but you can do the same ... :P RT   thanks, you helped make it cute I wanted to be a fashion designer! Was always sketching designs in class. Now I love fashion but design for businesses I wanna be in Argentina, you should have put me in your suitcase :D are you dancing for Justin on his Believe tour? That's cool!  miss u btw Happy New Year to the Chinese community :-) im definetly going to check that out :-) !! Yeaa doee Proud of you hope my girl drik be alright , keep ya head up baby be strong for your brothers you're in my prayers God bless ya  . well now it's 21:34! :D Oooh French TV! :O Watching a 60's play on tv with my gran   #WarmFeeling lol I'm actually loving this convo with  and stalking her friends side by side Well, from what I can see, the shapes look quite simple, so it shouldn't be too hard to make.  Although I can't create (cont) followed! RT   yu know I will :P Awwwwww... My boo boo Gheting My New Phone , Say I'm Gheting My New Phone How is the auction going? Looks fun! AHHHHH I tweet once about a kindle and get 50,000 bot stalkers :p RT  How to get a followback from me  go follow  its my fave accounts ever. R-T if u did Is Secret Circle worth watching? Keep meaning to but always choose something else :phaha I know I took it myself :-) Subway  Eating fresh yo this is today Will only have nightmares when on the last page! When is Unrest scheduled for? naughty girl can't wait Britt  :D oh then i want to go too! ... if i don't have to listen any russian A few hours to relax  before I have to get going again! #soccergametomorrow #wishmeluck? hey, yeah sure RT  I smile even when i wanna frown :D muchhh better now RT  The good morning text that I got from  this morning &gt;&gt;&gt; ooh, when one says smt at same time as someone else on Twitter, like wot I just did, can one shout "Jinx"!? :-) so how are u today? She should be scared :D llss Just Got My Baby Yana I Liked it, you're good! hmm half and half. straight on one side and curly on the other  there ya go...youre welcome boo love your picture! RT  Carte SIM #FreeMobile activée, tout marche nickel, merci Free !  (cc ur welcome bae Keep assuming and crying... Quick ways to lose her and she gonna get wifed... my cell phone is like dead. Ill talk to you once I'm home :p RT  Dear All friends, I would be glad if you helped me promote my Art Page 
 
Thank you " Adam Lambert at my gate at SFO.  @ San Francisco International Airport (SFO)   :-) ja was lachen :-) nothing changed why thank you kitty kat  haha haha, yes!  Hey, sorry for not replying last night.. went to bed already  x i had a good day Everyone changes  but i know how to fix that.  RT   Found this while doing my CNY cookies shopping earlier! Don't beat urself up if u have a bad diet day.. Just get over it and get on with it.. U will still get good results with an 80/20 split :-) Watching Season 4 of One Tree Hill :D my birthdays tomorrow ! :D me too. Think I definitely need a permanent one haha, although half the fun is building them. You're welcome RT  um so whaddup. might be having lesbian sex as soon as tonight AND my legs are shaved. :D It's been a minute bro! Missing the D! Mighty 4 Detroit/OFF! Whats good! ; haha :p Wouldn't you just LOVE to come on Twitter and follow me? " " its all on you!!!! Lol"."l0l true but what he did makkes myy. Thinkk this nerd :p ""true true you guys should make a perfume :( Skype while we r there & get shisha going in yr room :P aww thank you sweetie!! : ) love your #FF hehe *thumbs up* love you lots!! : D xo agreed! It will require some planning since it looks like we only unite every 4mths! youtube a song/artist you like and then go through the related videos Time To Get Cuddly With Nobody To Cuddle With The snow is starting to fall  bring on the 2 to 4"s!!!!! OMG! Seriously... LOL  RT  Just casually taking your 27" iMac into starbucks.. lads please follow   if you do we'll do another fanfic !!!! tweet me when you do and i'll put you in the draw for the fic awww bless you!!! :D yop she sharing w/thiss nigga.  : ) it for you, I'll be able to help if you need anything. Inkscape is a good alternative to Illustrator and it's easy to use too iWanna Chill Wit #Oomf yeeeeah! Everyone hates her lol. Put in a word for ya about a job  xxx man u fresher then a peppermint she's getting cleaned up and detailed right now. I'll show you once she's all pretty'n'stuff. Later Tonight RT  In town? RT  I Only Wanna Hear One Song Tonight...... :-) they'll make the map really small with lots of corners and give you dual p90s and all the enemy's will say "I'm a enemy" :P :-) miss ya toooooo..... RT  Twitcam later if I have time. You guys are the best. RT  #FF she's a REALLY sweet person who always give you a good laugh The  better be the mascot revealed at #Stetson's basketball game tonight, or I'm transferring back to #Albion If I don't text you back then save your time and #stoptextingme! Yay :D  Waldorf the wizard! I love you girlfriend  thanks for having the best advice! #yourethebest One day I'm not gone public shop I will bee to good to stand in line RT  hope use all checked out that video of Jarvo earlier if not here it is again   :D -____- Your just mad because  loves me more than you. :P Time for my nap Im glad I just stay to myself.. No drama for me  im to nice for all that ! RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more #NP run the world me either We love you Caitlin!  Happy Friday! RT  a special #FF to the wonderful  & co.:    ^KG I know aha ;P My bad! Ahh good to hear  You going to see Luke tomorrow?:') Thanks a bunch! RT  Me and sunshine Making cupcakes with   weeeeeeeeeee! Dudessss! Just lemme know whenever I'm supposed be there...n i'll be there iA Meet my rats!   via you both* should come pick me up :D hey check out this video of a drawing of   maybe RT if you like That's the ONE thing we go to Costco for, the bulk TP  #mcchat is my bestest friend. :D &lt;3 please go on a following spree starting with  then  eventually getting to me laurence overturf think I'm self-pitying thanks Daveo RT   Anytime sexy! :P RT  I want to punch you. :-) Deff gonna be a good night with the girls  love you Just voted to save kirk! Bless u crying  brought me to tears xxx kirk to win  x so my question iz where should I classify you to lol .. And yes I have no other thing to talk abt :D thanks   a lot ˆ⌣ˆ bday to you too Chiclete com Banana, CD Flutuar. :D kkkkkkkk #goodday, it felt like a Friday #foronce RT  hit me baby one more time :D  u know :o Hanging with the girls tonight  #fridaynight #gonnabefun Hello Jessie, How are you? I reckon you have a great voice, any chance of a RT or you could follow me? maybe your having man monthlys. Some men do haha :-)"  and  are amazing &lt;3 helping me carry my loads of stuff #bestfriendsever" love you! Have fun this weekend! " Interesting charts for a week out onwards. Looks like turning very cold at the end of the month!"this is good news Going home today :-) :-) :-) :D so funnneeyyyyy! are u kiding leh isa I officially hate him nw :p He should ! Andre are you reading? RT   I love it!! It's so good!! :D Can't wait for the next part. very true words  and I hope you have a great weekend Lol fabutan is fucking whaaack.. To midnight sun we go  #gtl “ Thanks for all the #FF love today!!  I'll be retreating some of my favorites” retweeting* c: " #FF pa uno de mis panas full   :*:*:*" Thanks Honey!  :* RT  Yeaa doee i know that someday you follow me  #NSN !! Please !!?? make my dream true !! &lt;3 u are my inspiration, u make me smile  3 in fact i probably get some drinking from the irish in me  (bet you didn't know that!) Congratulations! it was a Great Game,  Kisses From Venezuela! Good Luck Ricky! RT  Mindless Behavior will be on the Jimmy Kimmel show 1/24/12 : ) why not????  i'm working tomorrow at my additional job. Sure catch you sometime New design all the way  moved the old one to another location. Empezo polisontes yee...! In the hair salon :-) yeah she probably wasn't as smart as me cause I went through the tests fast :D Juicing :-)  #healthy I do not... lol I spoke Vocal Professor Dr. Lambert is really qt :D ooh niceee! i'm from germany That's the stuff! Mumford are like a tonic for bad moods C.America wasnt that bad Thiss Is Jakeera Hackin Eeliyah Twitter , Follow Me  : ) u 2!!  and thanks 4 the invitation yesterday aswell, I'll def come 2 ur event next month! eee, glad that week at work is over, roll on the weekend :D Listening to some Glee songs with Hayley! Alice and Wonderland tonight at Meredith! Excited to see all our professors, faculty, and staff perform our favorite characters RT   is gonna follow some Beliebers today!FINGERS CROSSED! Maybe its my day today :D #DreamBig &lt;3 You mean u missed us? ^^ Same here. Exams suck. Recently "fuck" is the word I use most often haha oh my goodness who?! At The Great Wolf Lodge RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more It was on ages ago, might be on youtube, love the royal family & the office too :-) da do do du da da da da is all I want to say to you! :D    #NewThemeTune ? who needs Rudebox Radio? LOL x Thanks Doll  xx RT  Having so much fun at #Sundance! Can't wait to go snowboarding. :D one of my first followers and hopefully PMOY 2012! Happy to know u Anna Finally the weekend is here :-) next week.....school! Threw my tuck at the pep rally today!!  #Finally Wonderful day Watchinq Final Destination 5 . :D daddie readie bringg mhe some money nails & toes done :-) Take the number 7 :D Done watching #TheVoiceOfGermany, will now sleep early. Goodmornight tweeple  Happy weekend! LOL same here oo. At least my lights are back :P thanks :-) xx Didn't present today, :D but I'll have to present Monday. :Q ohhh see I thought you had 4. Hmm. well they I believe with only 3 classes total, it would be 12 for you I wanna meet a guy named Guy sososo pretty  you'll have a lovely night looking that nice I only wanna give it to you , i ant you more than a new pair of shoes &lt;&lt; me singing  lol That dog &gt;&gt;&gt; Selamat Pagi... Have nice weekend... MDRRRRRRRRRRRRRR :p ! how about I been on here less than 24 hours and my password was already compromised...dang!  this shit CRAY! ;) LOL..thanks alot, what am I doin?...getting a snack & singing & dancing around kitchen singing that song  xo K don't know how this works haha I feel like one of those technologically challenged people  RT  #FF à " &lt;== New Avi!" Cute  but why don't u turn it the other way ? Lol follow back please beautiful  xo RT  and Bustin Jieber loves Brazil. cant wait to come meet all you Brazilian girls ;) heck i cant wait to meet girls in every country Yesssssssss  happy w saad lool RT  RT if you love Louis Tomlinson RT : brother ,, pinter bngetz bhs.inggris nyaa ,, ajarin donk :D 94! Yayyy we did so good court! Due to the deactivat :P I think they'll be back in a while Thank u to pieces  I'm so glad that our paths have crossed on twitter, and I adore you *hugs* Heyy  &lt;3 Love yaa ! Can't wait for BELIEVEE :''D Volunteering for the first time this year RT  If you like someone, tell them before someone else does. :-) Follow me, and I
will follow back
in 2 minutes or
less  RT if you
are
#teamfollowback
and want
#100aday b
#200aday c
#500aday r for what? La fiesta with my momma  #yum RT  I WILL FOLLOW YOU IF YOU FOLLOW  for me  once you're done RETWEET &lt;3 #muchlove Miss yaa!  long timee... ​ahahah "  I'm great too.  Thank you! ;)" Out to a party with awwwwhh too sweett &lt;3 :D Aw iight .. but im bouta get off in a lil bit . Have a Good Weekend returned #FF  thanks Me and you against the world Mo is bettah! #youngblood  she's pretty cool :p im good  how are youuuuu? Who want too cook for me? Hahaha!! That was cute!  Lol well I don't know what your Chinese has, ain't you got a menu? :-) 3 cheers for U canceling on ABC after what they pulled!  Who believes an ex anyway! Not me...good luck and go for it :-) just on skype and watching big brother  &lt;3 xxxxxxxxxxxxx I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #singer because...he is so talented & amazing FB :-) damn right! to the gym or horsey thing? :p I was wrong, thankfully SexyRT  I looked like a hippie today  lol can you both take your differences and bring them to a bbm chat cause your both clogging my twitter!  ty &lt;3 i just asked my mom if i could get a passportMy stupid account keeps unfollowing people!!! Lol Now following once again Haha Exactamente. this won't be so important to u considering u hear it everyday, but I just bought a MIGI tee :D its soo cool! &lt;3 my little sister got honor roll! so proud you're welcome :-) 2012 Comeback Video : ) Please Promote , Comment , Like This Video Please .#RT THIS now plz ! I Approve of her existence so much, she's so tiny but so incredibly amazingly stunningly lovely :D Chillin at the moment then  is staying :D #paarrrttaaayyy johnnie think I'm appropriate and eloquent I could try to catch it on   But might have better luck here RT  Two reasons why I curse: 1) Because I fucking want to. 2) Because I fucking can. It's brilliant! :-) She's some toolbag! "Straightforward basic questions!" your welcome  &lt;3 My friend has the best  burfday gift for me: N'SYNC ALBUM #win :D me too!!!!!!!! Okay  Me too. Haha, thats exactly what I was thinking... :P RT  Model Casting at  today from 4-7.     Be there or be square. :P #np Chris Brown ft.Tyga and Kevin McCall- Deuces Yes! Had forgotten about Blur...ahhh, good memories :-) cupcake dreams Follow Me : ) ask for a follow back yea i am! :D yea there are so many directioners in toronto wow. It would be so cool if they went to much. Picking dad up from the airport hmm that's actually really good and I like your spiky hair :D x Plz get over ur self...its funny cuz ur not even cute lolz :-) Mr B's gone to work so house to myself :D New Girl, Stella and then I'm all out of ideas! xx halo !! And about get tan on I hope we go shopping today bc i need to buy some things and i do not want to spend my money i want to spend my dads Xo  hi sweet lady xoxo. Venice is awesome. Got my beenie- Thanks 4 listening. So loving u Thank You. &lt;3 still think you should go  you won't lose anything lol Wings in the oven :-) We cute lol!   ..my face bout fat ^_^ how 'bout a little twitterparty with only tips and tricks to sing the best you can? teach us oh wise master :D was cute in her concords today too Xbox Live alllllllll day! :p " #NF #FF  RT  The only thing I have in common with a billionaire is that we both understand that money doesn't actually matter... when is your next words with friends session?? I'm determined to be one of your opponents #goodbye interview on monday love you too RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more " Thass why i drive alone, down memory lane, so if i crash.. I hope yall remember bash" i'll always remember youu Successfully day :-) I like your twitcon #BecauseOfYou I got a new man  so bye Lil Freddie can do sit, lay down and stay! Proud mummy can I get a follow back please?  #Pitbullgirls Lol love you too DY Rain~ :D &lt;3 it's not everyday you get to witness something this wonderful #yougottaappreciatethelittlethingsinlife i think shes the best person in the world :D Good thing i have bobby pins too :D haha RT  if u barely call I understand, when u never make time I understand, so when I find someone better, I hope u understand : ) :-) RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more i shan't publicly say :P Last min of  testamonial had a great time :-) liked visit from  :-) RT       You too! Thanks again So am I!! sitting outside , letting my hair blow in the wind I love you bbygirl. Imma jagerbomb it up in your honour tonight. Just cuz I love you I actually love Romeo :-) Please sign & share my twitition Believe Tour. I can sign urs to   ♥ many* cmon stefykins :p So 12 divided by the sum of your grades Hey yall bored at home...gonna go to the movies tonight with an amazing guy!! people kept telling me I looked pretty or that my hair was pretty... or both  awww! Definitely doing the banana bread next week.  Almost did it this week.  :-) RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more obviously you, cause you mentioned me. Fag! :p OmBTR :D so cool good Luck (: you are an inspiration for so many myself included. Please always stay so amazing! Can I get a RT, it'd make my entire year! I'll DM you it Thanks Helen :-) :D RT  I honestly LOVE the fact that I get talked about.  I feel on a higher level of importance What would you like to see more here?  More contest? Anything you'd like me to write about Paramore? Please give me suggestions &lt;3 #FF If you love  or  then please follow my annoying cousin that has nothing in common with me. :P RT  Thank u sweets  RT   HBD darling hope u enjoying your day ❤🎉 well done you :D so damn excited to go to Rangers/Storm in Guelph next week with  :D About time we meet and go to a game! 2 more followers then I'll finally reach 200  I wonder who's going to be my lucky 200? ah thank you!!!!! :D eaaaaaaaae If you add monkey's to the Jungle biome! Please please let there be fruits and nuts for them to collect and hide! :P keep your lovely receipes coming, very easy and simple to follow. #iluvbaking :-) Got an iPhone, iPad, iPod..? Bet u havent got an iMug..Want one..?   please enter Michael Jackson Experience #shattered #nuffsaid :D RT  nearly 1900 ppl watching  LAUNCH PARTY!! RT guys and lets hit 2000 :D Fire drills. Save us from taking dumb tests :P my mum said that :P ahh bless u.....i consider myself lucky im happy that we r all friends what a privelage if thats spelt right lol hugs back :-) and myself  happy birthday to her!!! Of course love ) I'll try my best  ♥  xxxxKik me I'm lazy my phones upstairs it's what we all knew. :P RT  Let's get me to 4000 followers and I promise u all a naked pic  xxx Best of Europe with    & neeeraaj all part of the fun :-) have a good wknd!!! They're soo fly! And you're soo cute  RT  Got my  kicks thank you!! Some people on this world... I will be quiet... Other people compensate for them, right? :D U care to try something new? --  :D RT   yeah. I'm a proud sister. Last weeks hustle on iPlayer for me instead #happybirthdayGary Hi Joseph.  wearing my  jacket cause it's freezing in the media room yeeee.. kyuuut mo teh! ;)  @ Popsters' Party :D thanks  :D #ItsMoreFunInTwitterWithSarahG Thanks man, really glad to hear it was helpful for you! Definitely have more planned after I wrap up some other things. Follow Back Cables back! This calls for home cooking OG... heck yeah... I didn't think u were going... so fun... we gonna dance the night away... :-) #Nf #TeamFollowBack all good thanks Stuart  for now at least... yeah!! el campeon se va a arder ajaja :P Spinning tomorrow with  :-) #bikinibodies Nice cryptics about us guys  #children Rt this for uk's Olympic hopefuls    sorry for the 1's I missed can't find ya I love getting out super early!  watching fresh prince #cozy RT  Currently helping  out with her food dilemma .... The things I do for this girl About to get my hair done! No more lion! lol  yea I tryed a lil bit of alcohol yesterdat tht shyt burned lol hahaha yea there might be a few around.... hahahah shart :D every morning i'm always watching you Love you Dave! Glad all was okay! :-) *air hug* thanks love  xx Wuv  4 lyf giving me a full size   poster I want you in my bedroom Ah i love this song, it's so addicting :D I LOVE IT!! &lt;3 ALHUMDULILLAH I GOT ACCEPTED TO TEMPLE UNIVERSITY MASHALLAH YA ALLAH THANK YOU !!!!! :D I stop trying on the weekends. It's like time off from it all. yeh good thanks! Lots of ideas going around I'm @ the vacation house.  have a nice weekend y'all.! xx exacto! rebecka logins think I'm conspicuous and impressive patty beltrame think I'm proper #BecauseOfYou I've learnt to be myself...cheers RT  A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it’s based on the foundation you built together. LOL, Twitter is a person :D Hit 8GB RAM usage, now swapping - wonder how long before it gives up :D  i think you do babe ;) i wuv you and its not stalking :P im your boyfriend :3 im allowed to! xxxxxx &lt;3 Yes Canadians are very sweet people! So excited about going! Yay! RT   I'm excited my love! we're going dummbyyyyyyyy  you're the best bay! love you long time! ;) 
#emilyisthebest guy branz think I'm petted and indulged RT   yea baby *kisses back*  & *hugs tight* xD You Da One... :P yeah but it's almost the weekend!!!! We had so much wind it blew away. Nice shot! Is playing fallout 3.... I'm so happy :-)  its like reaching back into time and enjoying a fond memory :-) RT  Psst! Insider Reagan Tip: Always Bet on Americans  RT if you agree!  I didn't see  today, so.... HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! *squeezes boobs* & ima just lay in this couch & sleep :D #ff thank you sweetie thanks you Lauren  xxxxxx RT   Haha, that would make it worse lol aight i agree w. You :p I'm pretty sure nothing could wipe this smile off my face : ) RT  How to get a followback from me  go follow  its my fave accounts ever. R-T if u did Good Night yall  Sweet dreams &lt;3 RT   You look amazing in the #jello video!  } Thanks Where is the love? || Amo tu icon♥ Lindo bg  Amo tus tweets. Linda cuenta :{D lmfao it was in the health channel it might be on YouTube? :p thank you ok lols.. wishing you more lucks Another 5 stars review from one of the top ten reviewers from Amazon!  Have you read it? you too :-) #championscomemay thanks ive missed u both x Cooper Journal: Oops! I ruined your life. Had to rewrite it :P RT  RT  if my tweets annoy u, fuck u 1st off! after that, mute or unfollow. it's simple! tf?? yup and that's jus the first step up tha ladder of many more to go... Imma run that place eventually. Please follow   tweet when you do and we'll put you in the draw for a fanfic part !!!! you'd be suprised how good I am :p I have my ways ;) yess indeed! : ) RT  Again RT  #FF    :D Don't forget about the weekend warriors! Adult leagues need mouthguards too! lol okay! Megan I like tumblr it&#39;s my favorite thing to go on best pictures  xo please follow me  27 Follow back!  x youu :D Is it really silly that i find this soo funny?? :P #BigKid ike mooser think I'm emotionally constipated #FF  Because she's amazing, awesome, funny, and she knows how to cheer me up. :D and now i left school early to go to Mar Vista High to play a soccer game. LETS GO MONTGOMERY LADY AZTECS!!!!! #gameon #bringiton #pumped I'm coming around 9  to cheer my bobasek on My birthdayy next week : ) lol u hav mouth to insult on twitter ba, let's meet na! U'll cry b4 I leav u! :p Haha I'm loving the fact that you are super happy :-) We got North Pitt tonight I was pose to wake up at 4:25 to get ready but as you can see im late! That nap was getting good to me! thanks for the #ff girlllyay, relieved. Be confident and you'll be fine  xx no problem. Just lemme know when its done so I can read it.... :-) Follow first!? Oh nice.  Will do. Thanks girl! waaaat!! Ur kiddin me, I lost £40 on Wed!! Ok, so i dint but...it still must b mine!! U can giv it 2 me on Monday sweetness :D x aha :p
Alright sortaaa 
Wuu2? yes ! I would love to hang out with you and be good friends! thanks mate Another great day! Just sent off my signed goodies to my followers who helped me reach my goal, let's get to 3,100 now! RT  Good morning :-) I'm playing 3rd match on Hisense vs Kuznetsova today. We had a great match last time. I hope it will be no different today tell me bout it! :/ all I do is work and model cud be worse tho yes, you're cute!  xx RT  WHO WATCHES NCIS? :D Hmmm, te va a gustar Sorry I can't explain how much I LOVE your magazine with only 140 characters!! :D &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 #BopIsTheBestMagEver (: aww that's nice! Jst paris or like disneyland paris?  xxx idk I think I like re better :/ but thank you hey fwiends come visit me at hams tonight RT   They ain't Mindless enough :P ok see you there Michael Jackson donated hundreds of millions .... Can you just imagine how many lives did he save?  Thank You Michael Jackson. I know but I still found it funny :p hiya beckz yep at the train station  xxx&lt;3 RT  McDonald's with  :D RT  just need 4 more follwers to reach to 200 if u wanna b my lovaa.. gotta get wit my friends  #number1rule #spiceworld yeahhh it was funny still haha :p #BREEZY Jus like home That would be meee!!!!! Do me a tweet, please RT  YESSS SOMEONE AGREES :D RT  The twins need to stay! They're entertaining! #CBB Dont talk to me im not your friend :P RT   please follow &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; thank You  (I'm following you now) kindly tell me when your done Haha thanks Pretty sure I have the best boyfriend ever.  &lt;3 keith my little ginger friend i love your face RT me and i will let u smash my back doors in :P #potato Pagii tweeps :D Pleasee follow back!!!  if u do i would actually scream really loud and get really excited and then run round the house!! glad you're good  i'm fine thank you xxx With my love When are the R5 t-shirts gonna be available? I want to buy one so bad!! omgaaaaaa awesome! Looooooool nahhhh dw it don't seem like it haha  I thought u was from USA :I xx RT So I can Follow You From My New Twitter  . ..ya later tonight :D  Mrs. Permanent just got home.  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3  Lots of love :D like the production on the album you will probably still love it live, which is what really matters I guess :D RT  Some  Gamma Phi Beta alumni (and a current senior!) enjoying our Happy Hour at FIFA?! I'm a PES man :p will add you though incase you man up and decide to get PES ;) not a big fan of Selena Gomez but still a good cause Mehh, suppose its your wall haha hahaha WMYB came on in PE today i was like LUNGE TO 1D! yesssss :D ( live on Hey dude want to hookup? #sexy #sex #xxx #porn #pussy Check the link :P  #Iy Bakin' with thee bro hah Hey Dani! how are you? How was your birthday?  Remember a smile makes the day worthwhile! so im back @ my nail just for FILL. :-)  and thO they "speakMUCHenglish" yArite! YOUcanSEE whatTHEYrTHINKIN allONthier FACE!!! SO HILAR! Already on the final book of the #HungerGames ..this is going to be an epic finish :D Earl Grey, you're doing it right NFB   i fuks with that twitter name! “  lol shut up lexi !” -- I heart you Toi Yeaaaa ma baaby is finallly back... :D because I'm struggling to operate two accounts at once! Will follow immediately :D oh right :P x Oh anak basket  RT  Iaa tya, ky ank bsket sma6 RT cintyakartiniST: Oh tanray 2 , tunggu lok (cont) Ah right. #awks Yeah well you're lucky you don't gain weight Done. Thanks dek  RT   follback ya mbak :D I hate lunch! And lol gotchaaaa nice  and yeah :L x New Band! :D - this bout to go dwn ! #fact I make the best pancakes lol, it's okay.  idgnf about potato cakes. & it's step twards me son of thy father. Not come at me bro. Well that's nice to hear. =) You read fanfic? And my day is going pretty good... Not alot of homework for the weekend. Like sau ce?! #DedicationTweet to  for being the nicest girl ever! Just been watching sky sports news and its good news that  is available for sunday :-) "  don't cut it too short, you'll regret it lol." Ill tryy nott to haha maybe :P we will have to wait and see!! FF me and ill return it jessica think I'm maternal and filial Fucking happiest day of my life when social is done :D Ou du christophe maé  ( live on please choose me. The boys are my life. They make me so happy. I would cry my eyes out if I won.  please? XX Finally made it out! & phones working again  Shaw cross club then who knows.....!  Good luck and have fun! :-) Lmfao0o0o..... is entertaining tho :P Oh man. He is just so lovely. Happiness. :D plz follow me &lt;3 MAKE MY DREAM COME TRUE.  portugal loves you.♥ 46 fantastic day in Cardiff! very quiet, lots of sales, nice weather, best time in Cardiff i've EVER had Well that sucks. :( Good luck with getting it repaired! yeee fam! You  xx Thanks  for the  cd!! Can't wait to listen and spread the word to some great people i got new music for you!! :D #nfb RT  I wanna see Suzy RT  nearly 1900 ppl watching  LAUNCH PARTY!! RT guys and lets hit 2000 :D its ok I work every other sat thankfully off this one :-) love you too RT  Getting on it! With  and   fun times!! watching Spongebob Squarepants (Spongebob Schwammkopf is what they air in Germany) :D you? OMG harry styles i love you please follow me backI loved the "Four Margarita's" Flag at T In The Park ^^ I legit Rof'd at it :D Ok  you learn french ? Ewww nooo! MILK all the way :P y te pincho a anna Watching big brother with  got house to our selfs RT  .-Homeeeee :D * takes of everything * and fall on the couch ! Woah RT  Look how cute my baby is At hayleysss housee againn :D My fellow #socialmedia maven: #FF  ...go ahead - add her to your list now IKR ! :D . I tell'em All The Time :D It's so much easier having Mindless Parents x)  . Llisten here girrrrrllllllll.... Lol :D where were you today? #shady shoutout to april trice & alex friday staying in on a friday night baking cakes woooo play a remix of a popular song :D jamaal think I'm 494. Vitalized yes lishyT! Liking that idea. And the meeting too :D New twitter name , DarkskinBelle is GONE !
iBelle : ) who wants to clean my room ? Done with exams forever at Homer Schools! #happy Janis Joplin - To love somebody:  via  ENJOY! i thought your hashtag would say #mustloveasians :D Work in ah few Really good games to watch tonight #celticdragons go timmy and crystal F4F? “ All anyone really wants in life is true happiness.”
... and to be truly loved Lol meek mill on a bag of chips .. Im getting them jawns just cous he on em Home bound RT  It is a lovely day Kay loved hearin  letter from home. #voteromeo2win You're welcome not a singer so this goes over my head. All i know is that you sound AND look pretty all the time. RT  Day 1 of #ukgc12 summary: awesomeness. sheer utter complete awesomeness  &lt; love the energy it generates UR welcome & I'm sure you did! I'll be mentioning the intvw you originally did w/him in upcoming  preez if my mate szabszab got a tweet, can I have one too so that I can show off to pretty please? :D Feeling very motivated. BELIEVE TOUR IN ITALY! Please..come to South Italy wtfffffffff!? Are you serious?! :D #FF RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss Tell him! :P And just gonna point out... We are NOT dating.. awwwwww do you like Vanessa??? that is so cute I just love it when people get my hopes up just to crush them.. Yupp its great (y) Brain is overloaded today  (@ Red Bull Distributing Co.) #FF       
 and  b/c it's his birthday Finally At: Home! :D followed So Annette Calls me out the Blue #FF         &lt;3 If you could be animal, what animal would you be? #MrCelebUKandTW :p xx  Tumblr ;) Ohhh I just made a blogger today :D !! ♥ sofia yuhasz think I'm hurry and bustle Hey! Quit talking about me like that! Please mee I follow you and your friend :D I want to win it! :') facebook mail! has over 1m followers...congrats :-) I'm on my way to get my brother lol I'll bring the candy next time what??? i need updates now! nah Nana we need to talk before you go to le chine!! m'asowam y3 me dew paa :P can't wait for the video My lil brother bought me a Dora balloon  he loves me he fina write on it ghetto maybe ? you better! Still call me tomorrow though think  should tweet/follow me I absolutely want to But I do not know if the organization wants me xD I hope so :/ Wish me luck! :D I want so unconditional!&lt;3 Primum non nocere..excellent post You need a #kosign??? RT  Not even a smoker----&gt;&gt;RT  A blunt would just match this lovely weather : ) U stoooooopid.. Smh.. I took a nap.. But, dont get me wrong. The other one will feel the misery cause she knew everything. Its hurt though thank you hehe :p wah dyhu fnk of it?? "  got me searchn all ur recently contacted tweeps bt I finally saw d *swallows hard* thanks  I am trying anything to make sure I don't cut it! Let's go :D " I wanna see red tails” gotta catch my plane!!! LA here i come !!!! soo excited nichole lederer think I'm better man I didn't either :D I was so busy + I wasn't home, WE feel jealous :P Cool! Welcom to Twitter Bella!  I'll be sure to follow you ;) ~Senna Dammit I dun broke muh drawin table! Nothin a little super glue cant fix I stole my friends phone and found these #sexy #sex #xxx #porn #pussy shots xD :P  #h *chuckles* She doesn't mind :P RT  remember to read this and RT to let everyone know  we WILL get it trending :D Goodmorning tweeps,morning kpopers and morning beautiful world Lol make you to be .. i guess i speak jiberish awsome :-)  lol I just realized that only my family and other relatives call me Ane, and my friends (& other ppl) call me Aneta :D Come back! The group needs you .. to clean out the mess you left before you leave :P let me know who wins RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more cool  i love that song lol I can never gets old. I could listen to his albums all day  #amazed Oh Hiya! I can fly now, watch the skies. lol lets just rob a bank saints row style and get killed :D fun way to die I like your picture!  #bfflz My tweet to bintuu Working, making money and then friend time! No more misery for me That was a good six hour nap domino by jessie j just makes me so happy #BTWBallTour Can't wait! The Queen is coming! weisste wo kreis offnbach is? that dont even make sense thats ok ima go buy me some shit w/ ya birthday money, thanks Please follow me  !! #MUCHLOVE #Jadenators  #followmejaden 43 cheers for the phone call, my numbers 078431123266 if you need it, hope everything else goes okay, enjoy it , thanks yep! only 4 months to go! then ive got 2 years of college. gonna be a loner there. and thanks power! :Deasy peasy, challenge accepted! Now you do the same too :P You can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life :D Can't wait to hang out with my homies tonight. Dev and Leandra, you guys ROCK :D Take a shower then maybe gsp or hookah idk If my heart was a stereo , it would play some great music .! Gerne Directioners lean esta nove  se las recomiendo  Naty&lt;3... 's laugh &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; theres a light never goes out & please please let me get what i want :D & la tuya?? love was made for me and you!! Good to know! :-) RT  why do guys use smiley faces like this ---&gt; : ) its gay. stop.. I miss you welcomes  prop tomorrow?? ahhh haaa yu mad lls :P thank you again friends.. Next time, tell Francis to take her quarters and buy some breath mints. :-) Thank you  for keeping me relaxed on my hour drive home on snow covered roads  love ya!! Hopefully I get to see  tonight Nf you're doing a great job! :D RT   i texted it to you lol omg omg omg I soooo exsiteeeed. Physicssss  #yessss RT  Like I've said many times before. The people that knock me down only make me stronger.  have a good day! Love you guys! Lunch convo w/Comcast today & the guys says"We're getting a lot of request for  lately" me:"Yup, those are our  fans calling" RT  RETWEET if you want me to follow you? follow  and i will follow some of you back  RT if you did so i can follow you xx Mmmm subway with  & its perfect cruisin weather  #todayrocks does anybody know of there are any games tonight? RT  I got 99 problems.. and weed solves them all :-) ahh shame.. Don't worry it won't be our last tour  whats ya fave song on the album? x heeeeeeeeyooooooooooo penis head :D lol imagine if they had a penis hat :D ¿Entonces sí vas? RT  It's a Happy Day in Vancouver! Loving the snow as is my dog Lola! Hope everyone is smiling today ohhhh que honor Wow its amazing how a couple days can change your life #bigaccomplishments for 2012 i promise  so proud of myself #patonmyownback !!!!!!!! OMG How cute is this?  Awwww how addorable!  xxxxxx Desde cuándo estás censurada!?!?! :P I'm at house, when you can I want an email =) Check out HookedOnYarnCT's new FB Page!! Show some love- it's just getting started  xx RT   Is SUPER pretty today #FF Dt Toronto  #feels nice anytime Jeffrey  glad to have such an awesome fan club! S/o too you Tooo Didn't get to see her but its all good lol dang that was quick. And you can have whatever you like... :P RT   thanks Findin' ways to Improve my aura.. thanx to Whte or Black iphone ??? anyyyoneee ?? im stumped Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless :D RT  There's this girl, even though she's been hurt before, she's going to stay strong! She's BEAUTIFUL, And she just finished reading this. RT  Hi, Selena here :D i'll follow you back tonight, but you must be following my little sis - - -  - - - #Retweet this !: Xoxo!!" :D " I LOVE YOU MORE!!!! *screaming* " Akon's voice ♥_♥""" My sick ass staying in this weekend..Just need someone to watch some netflix with #BecauseOfYou i'm hold my head high and my middle finger higher wow! cool pic! Its Snowing :D damnnn, yeah I suppose! Yes thanks  you? Seee ya in the morn! man up Mr Stafford....ur hard...u've got tattoos....but then again u r a hairdresser...lol  #bigsofty #FF       &lt;3 thanks RT  RT for a shoutout :-) I follow back. done watching 2012 ice age RT  Rod party later with shy " Rules for texting a girl: 1) Don't take 40 minutes to reply. 2) Use good grammar. 3) Ask questions. 4) Use the  face." Specially last block  OH YEA RT  caught up on ya ex still , i can get you past it : ) Nice bath, then reading Ben Fogle's autobiography #SOPA and #PIPA are officially dead. aw,i well wanna go in big brother when I'm older :P My poster of one direction! from the magazine  :D me has visto :D Now Following Blessed & Highly Favored Whenn Ii Look At Mehh Ii Be Likee DAMNN Dhat Ass PHAT  #hissGIRL Freestyle session at the barber shop :p RT  3 day weekend : ) you gonna let me tie you up okay  I'll come talk to you i was just playing shush :p RT   well if I remember correctly. You said  is following you? I'm super jealous. RT   Yes, sure :D I hope nick gets better &lt;3  &lt;3 about to head out to da hood for a kickback with the people i hate the most :D #nf  Follow Back! Aahhh Paul!!!! We Miss Youu!!!!!! &lt;/3 xx, je komt er wel!!! I Will Always Love Him :D You're The Best!! Stay How You Are! just cut off nearly 7 inches of my hair and i couldn't be happier #327 cute icon mb boy: ray or prince tbh we dont talk much..hmu hello everyone RT  #143 10/10 no problem, Happy to do it nope! It's official.. She is hanging out with us Beauty Salon :-) possibly true but not as much as me! RT  RT  I got a hangover ." Ooohhooowww :P * i've been drinking to much for suuuuure It's never too late for a bit of Fallout Boy :D Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless :D I missed The Prince  return to twitter! Ciao xoxo I love you, Lizz. :-) thank youRT  Practice was waaaay too fun todaaay  let's do itt girls . #Seniors Just started this and need TONS more followers! #HelpAGirlOut??? :D You will let me know ok, and if you are sick...drink lot of Coke! haha I think I have changed it now, but I have also shared your images! Thank you very much  xoxo Soooo I feel pretty again :-) got my hair blown out anddd I trimmed my ends myself and it looks poppin!! Cut about an 1 1/2-2 inches #NFB kk :P ayee  rite Jason lol RT  My nephew says stupid juss like RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more #FF  Cam at BoB clubs in #yeg for hosting fantastic meetings every time out to help the business community connect what's up? nice profile pic :D Chinese New Year on the 23rd - Its year of the Dragon ! ITS OUR YEAR Have a great weekend beautiful! Great vibes and energy to you! I loved that one! Very funny! i'll give it to you :D somehow? Lol! Same here (: RT  Might as well follow  Everyone's #FF-ing us together. Lol. :p Friday the 20th has ALWAYS been 832932x more unlucky for me than Friday the 13th. Oh, well. One bad day can be survived. Cool!! Im happy 4 ya!!  He's gonna text me 4 the first time 2night though :D has always his shout out "Happy HUMP Day!!". What about u  ?? Like "Happy NAUGH-D Day!!" :P ;) A gesell Hey Conversation w/ Common ... love him to pieces  s/o to #V103 #WarnerBrothers do you want me to come over. Ill bring you icecream and a movie Yep!!  " I'm lusting over this dress RT  Fashion and media is what I love aabangan kita this sunday ha pprzi online. Smile naman dun and give me a pageant wave pwede? Friday night spent at the gym, go me RT  Als the voice 'boys with sixpacks' nou is bestond... :D that letter you wrote to kirk was lovely! got me in tears!  x RT  The most beautiful smile, is when you smile because you remembered someone special nf follow me Nice hot bubble bath  quite chilled 1 2night xx #ff A dish of what? I'll probably cook wit gma RT   you should make a dish for my babyshower. hahaha, much more fun when you're single they didn't know the other group weren't going to. She was just being selfish RT  The most beautiful smile, is when you smile because you remembered someone special RT  #RT for a #ShoutOut :D unfortunitly its always your way ot goes :P RT “  mention/tweet made me feel positive about my day ☺ thanks boo! ♥." I'm Glad I Could Do That so when you hear that youll know it was me Check out my friends band, Pyro Fighter! Lololol, Funny shit bro! :D Watching the 3rd video diary :D jokerrs ;) I text  and tell her I love her at the most random times No more sopa!! :D *victory dance* no I've just got my music playing!! Love that song :D x yeah think we're running a great risk on this subject :P we love cats really   providing theyre big ones.. in a zoo! righteous. :P the day i fall in love with you is the day apples grow on trees... that means i already fell in love with you RT  the weather today in Houston is soooo nice leeanna schriefer think I'm inborn and native yup, I sure do. My English teacher told me that he noticed my progress in his class : ) I love Leo #FavTeacher idk ask sha sha if she invited him?...but g2g the moms acting stupid &lt;3 u bye Good night  from Germany ♥ Question and answers  dm me a question with number and get my answers Hope to pass in all my subjects.  only a few subjects! Yay! Thank you  RT  #Cutestfollowers RT   k "  tstahl alfollow kla tsweli RT" thanx  yeah thats what i ment haha, and aww  x no problemo :-) Julian's bracelet never really watched that movie :p The Best Part Of Life Is Making The Friends, That You Know will be there for the rest of your Life : ) That's great! My first day at the hospital thing was really fun. Hey Vanessa hope you have a fantastic day.... Talking to my babe all day makes me happy :-) Happy birthday  !!! I'm sorry I won't be able to come tonite but I hope you enjoy yourself :D #jack&coke part of my 'nice'ness ain't it :P “ Driving my friends to class so they don't have to ride the busses in the rain!” thank youuuu Thank you though next time theres a party you are coming with me!!! Oh yeah, Another World's up there too. :D #FF            (: Mall / Shablon! :D Am smiling really happy happiest I've been in a long time cant wait :P THANKYOUUUUUUUUUU CHAR!  have a lovley weekend Haha awesome! :D Glad you like my username! look at my wall paper :D RT   Goodmorning u never go on a tweetin spree do u fell like doin u c'mon Ja obejrzałam  Fajny jest RT  on my #single shit, I dont need and want nobody #straightup &lt;=== can have me lol :P Kam Mrraa tsaween RT for this ? :p ! Yeah. I admit it. I'm not ashamed Haha one of these days mireya vincelette think I'm 491. Verbalized :-)  I'm so happy :-) A good Budweiser    Getting primed for tomorrow night :P Listening to you right now. Great accent!! And I'm not even a girl or gay!  : ) Ooooh, wonderfull ! :D i'm so happy because i'm from Argentina and i wanna see you in Mar del Plata♥ I love you Bruno Mars Aw-w? (Australian raised question mark inflection at the end)    x Enjoyable show tonight with  :-) I love watchn food network. :-) Ohh *hugs* party ago shott like one M-16RT   lol its next sunday lolol just my pawty is 2nite :P Can we seriously? Like for real? Because now we have to. long time no see or talk. Hope all is well with uits okay You too, lovely RT  : DAY 4: Kit Kat Chunky Peanut Butter  RT & Follow to enter the #competition” Wow. Very cool what was your fast quote again  I'm ready to tweet it I don't even talk bout them round my Parents -___- such haters they ain't ready lol :D please follow back? Ronan Park ! :P or the dancer fellow :P but yeah Ronan yours ? My legs are still sore but my right one is getting better Just saw  And zebra swagged out car We have finished dexter and season 2 is downloaded #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK RT  RT & i'll make a shout out for you ! Jelly Bean's Cupcakes i started off with the first one might watch them all ahha , or just watch this one then the last onee G'morning too the awsome brother :D RT  Goodmorning beautiful people. Always remember. Dont be trashy, stay classy ;-) right them !! purple turtle you are :D we'll all have code names by monday in college lol thank you  RT   happpy birthdaayy !! I am  thanks boo...just woke up..still got a headache :( RT  Als the voice 'boys with sixpacks' nou is bestond... :D - dan win ik met me fatpack "BELIEVE TOUR IS GOING TO BE FLAWLESS"  just make sure you bring it home to Canada ..Follow her ha ha, thank you :-) YES sophmeister! Let's maaaaaaul lambwath! :-) or nando's date! Me you and han? &lt;3 Kmana wa ? RT  see you in the next 3 days... :D *melambai ke cakung* new page..follow me bak  delete my old one somebody hacked Yea sorry about that mate :-) Thanks : ) & no, you &  are! lol RT  :  and  are so cute together! &lt;&lt;&lt; Ficou Online   como tá bb ? I stay awake until morning .. waiting for sunrise, because I wanted to be among the first to see it from the people around me ..  :D new username. surprised? i don't think so :p Got the day off tomorrow! So excited I get to go watch Tanner's race!! :D Thanks RT  So.. I lost 9lb in my first week!! Very happy and finding it easier n easier as the days go by  thank you  x RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more what would your super power be? You know if you were a villainess? Awww u sound like my friend.... U swim? x5 rts from favs?  (the first 5 top in favs) no worries hun yeh always enjoy it anyway looking forward to tomorrow night - pub with girls then stopping at lukes I Love You For Who You Are , Don’t Change Yourself To Fit Me ! haha i would of helped you cleannn!!!  haha i love being quotablee! and p.s im strolling out of bed noww...ha how was lunch? Taking advantage of the uber cool and uber cheap student cinema and gone to watch Tinker Taylor Soldier Spy avec Ellie :D RT  Als the voice 'boys with sixpacks' nou is bestond... :D RT  Got my W-2 from my job last week , finally got my W-2 from TGIFridays too  . . . Appt later on today , get this over with #Taxes We Miss Shayley is trending. :-) We love you.  ♥ 15 thank you girl! hey  lol This check is looking nice berehh boss!! hanging outttt soon Anyways I guess ima just go out and have a good ol time : ) 'What Makes You Beautiful'  good choice x Has the best boyfriend  so lucky ofc ya would faggot :D I am no whore I am innocent :P xx #FollowBack please :-) Love it  RT just found out there's someone called Nubia Oliver who's born n on the same day as me!!!! WOAH. Haha thanks for the follow !  #TeamFollowBack RT  YES!!!..now i know life is getting better :D Small head :D RT  Big head :p RT Bosyladie: Seen :D RT  Eyyy check ur dm :p RT Bosyladie: I am tired of packing &lt;_&lt; I'm thinking fridays or redlobster I'm already walking over there :P call me #nowwatching Grey's Anatomy season 8 episode 12 let's gooooo :D “ #fuckinfollow  :-) Yah, she told me they were not coming in. Many youth groups cancelled tonight, the ladies are being stubborn :p twitter's lucky to have me lol. and glad you didnt miss out the I in STID! :p bring on sunderland Thank You everyone for the #FFs. Appreciate it. Will be doin mine next week. :D RT  Als the voice 'boys with sixpacks' nou is bestond... :D My favorite song is:Down to earth, Up, Pray, Never Say Never and Mistletoe &lt;3 :D  3 You're welcome :-) Hope you have a nice weekend :-) It's the inaugural Ryan Friday  #RF RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more OK, Fighting talk..prepare to return to UK without your pride..friendship assured tho, I won't be quiet about it Haha  x i love u, i see you, but you didn't see me:(, follow me  please I can't help it , imma selfmadeee girl :D Off to my #WorkFlow hey there I was looking at your website today, its really interesting! You have a dream job! Hope you have a fab weekend! :D xx Enchantée cher twito Ready for #Oomf To get off work :-) RT  I saw  today after months ! :D RT  I don't like when people hate on Oregon. I love it here #myhomeforever Believe Tour To UK would be amazing !! xx :D I feel sorry for my followers, who have to read all my tweets. Which provably just went up by 1000 :D
~ Je T'aime Plus De Vie&lt;3 ~ I might begin to do that. Customizing clothes! Boy: Ur An Asshole 
Me: So I've Been Told That's not to say that people who follow their intuition are bad, the opposite in fact.  big things ahead this year got me thinkin is all. Hahahhahaha its a good Feeling :D so you dont Must say Sorry ;) yess mam Tweet me with a picture if you want an edit RT  My grades been on point since i said Fuck Everybody & stay to myself : ) #TryIt ! Casually saving all of the pics  is putting on ill Probably Post IT Tommarow Kusz Today Imma Record The Boyz At The Show Add It In :D 
 Ahhh The Days Here!!! good that's okay  x Awww chris!  Thanks  RT   y'all two have the best tweets &lt;3” Of course you diddddd   and that's not my song!! I got my ipod!! #happyWell good afternoon babes :p she must be RT  Having so much fun at #Sundance! Can't wait to go snowboarding. :D So many car launches are confirmed. I can smell the F1 scent already :D #F1iscoming Thanks for the #FF!  ♥ from.. That's a silly question. And I guess when your phone "charges" you will receive this good idea of mine RT  Too happy that its friday Following  follow back punk! :p #nowwatching shes's sooOOo cute lil' gurl :-) Britains Got Talen - Shakira 1 + 1 = 2 Hey, please check out my latest cover, it would mean the world -    xx welcome follow  her tweets are amazing THANKS :D caroline hic konuşmuyor Hey look at muh new game guise. Imma okay the shit out of this by myself tonight cause I got so many friends. :D Had to do the generic shot. Watching #CBB  thank god Kirk's out, yasss!!! Wats up :-) "  wut it do" Lol your one sexy Willy  give us a quick wink XxXx Done kak RT   follback ya &lt;3 Thank you hello :-) Take a bath. Brb hahahaha, go on david moore. i went to school with him. he's too cute :D #takemeoutireland follow back! whats up? Tuesday night your mine It's a gift So excited to be with  #beenawhile #missedher ahah, annoying the cattt :D yeeeh once there over we'll go out  wasn't expecting kirk to go.. Lol Aye I know, I just flicked over :-) Going to the Emerson tonight for the first time. #NF  Follow Back : ) "We made a commitment to each other when we bought a hoover"  and  :D Chillin widd my new roomie :D Oh my goodness!!! I'd have more if I could!! I just have one dog, one cat and two rats. Just had a spazz attack Thinking about when diggy hugged me yesturday fdjjdsgkfgkddjgcvcgf♥  I wish they would've got it on camera RT    i can't wait to see y'all and the beeeebes!  family REUNION YEE! Awe look I got my first ever fan mail!!  feeling the love ! #BIRDYTVOH i want to make a chance to win &lt;3 Yay My School Classes Are Back Up. Yesss! They are pretty awesome! I like your vote!     ARE THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT  &lt;&lt;&lt; Ficou Online   como tá bb ? RT  I like when Adam is bored on airport :P RT   Better be , that wayy ! On some yeah doe :-) right on. Here in spanish..ahh... Hahah.  you're so far away! okay, my name is ellieb_x :-) I was born in Chicago and I love it here. Looking at the snow, what inspired our native americans to set up shop here?! :D , omw dwn cumberland too see my twiin : ) Thank you for following us! : ) Gracias you need to see the video I just RT'd      besoooooooooooooooooooooos ♥♥♥ :D RT  Squirting is much more common among women who have worked on reaching orgasm through masturbating their G-spot. Finally its raining  hopefully it washes away all this stupid snow. Follow back please? ♥ RT  The next time that I have sex, imma be in a relationship :-) Me and destiny Aww thank u hey Sd2ne 3mlt bs el nas kolha es7aby :D Actually hyb2a shakly w7esh :D good morning mb   :D You're gonna work with Natalie!!! :D i luv yo ass too : ) Should be washing my car but a nap sounds a little better!! #FF Summer Glau and awesome people     @ Lunch time  Fuck you all LOL thanks  Best fiancee EVAR New Avi : ) what yall think ? just get the money and go to the bank no more bad girl RT  Turned out to be a greeatt day today :D Pizza Express with  and  was a laugh ;D xxx اي صح نسيت :| , ايي يضر thankss! Imma miss texting you too :-) I know I know :P I'm only joshing ya :P "the best combo :-)  Perfect combo RT " Loud and peach ciroc oh yea"" Welcome! I hope you enjoy my country! have fun!! if by ron you mean me, yeah, i'm getting a lift off rory hopefully RT  Dear  You are so sexy. Your voice is like freshly whipped butter on a cloud of love. Me+you= mmmmmmmmm need tu unprotect his stuff so I can follow his ugly ass back What you said about  in your interview today was awesome. You're awesome. Lmfaoooo , I know what you talm bout now ' I was dead ass serious mmmm sounds amazing that's not too long of a wait anymore Glad to see the new comers to Dazzling Diaper Cakes by Daniella  if you are looking for something different... RT  Rules for texting a girl: 1) don't take 40 minutes to reply. 2) use good grammar. 3) ask questions. 4) use the  face. I got you hat girl : ) I'm so cool, I'm watching Goodmorning family loveess About to see Dave Navarro perform like arounddd 4  l hope it don't snow . okay :D so you and chris everything okay?? hint hint :D What a win! Lets hope this kicks starts our season, if a little late :p That's how ur suppose to be ur bestie comes first when ur with them u owe them all ur attention cuz they been there thru it all Michael Scofield is inlove,uuuuuh good luck!! Lol my 12 year old cousin   she's so big Guys join in if you think that drakes bigged up too much sounds lovely Nige. Perfect end to the week. THANK YOU :D Dave, creator of  will be on #ABC's #SharkTank tonight. Tune in. He's good people w/ a great product -- I own several time to make jelloyep :-) hopefully the last one will be ok, it's on actual chemistry instead of maths! Fridays drinks & RedLobster food! RT  I'm thinking fridays or redlobster Yes i remember :D Finals are over!! I really couldn't be more happy right now. With  at kimonos  #bestfriendtime Pour me a cup cu i sure need 1 smfh RT  Having a Chiillz Badaii..just mii && mii Monroes! :D && dis Circo Peach! on #CBB :D #ThingsICantStand ... people who cant take a joke! take the pipe out of your ass please and thanks RT  #followmejaden  .. No actually... follow   :D Shout out to all the single girls out there! lol I know! Has anyone said you could be his mum? LOL its more probable to be his older sibling :D RT  Look  #BecauseOfYou is trending of me and you that is, haha! We much supply the banter :P #FF  lovely half crazy guy. funny to talk to. Always spreading the cheery mood, so follow him RT  I can't believe it! I just follow  and I gain more 500 followers. Follow him and gain more followers! :D lmfao, i just entertained you though. :P I can tweet you!!  hugs xx RT  The Snow Look So Pretty :-) I just realised I'm not actually hooked on twitter :p :D just like your whole conversation with kegan was about MELISA .  Oh aight .. RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more Playing Pokemon  lmao being a kid again "  is sooooo hurt :D" &lt;--- the best tweet all day :D Just got so many more freckles! Hahah, your dad is so cool! :P my parents don't yell or anything because my dad picks me up at parties XD #Ff        &amp;  Love you guys! Nifty doodles! Highly productive notes. #FF to my buddy's.      hay sed de alcohol :P Was well gid! Lets do it again sometime lads! :D   &  &lt;3 your tweets are amaazing  just too many copycats takin ur credit sourced 4 Naipaul books today Cool I can definitely come along. Just been informed Mr M has a prior engagement 3 friggin days  #Cantwait follow back ya moza :D #CostaRicaWantsBelieveTour Please !!! :D 36 game , then florence bound for  birthday Me and  made this! :D My moms here! it's good to be nice!!! it makes people happy alright will do...put a good word in for me yay :-) thanks for letting me know.....how did u find that out? HAPPY BIRTHDAY thank you porfirio demers think I'm 118. Customized You don't have to give credit.   does it for you forsure bro bro don't blow me off :p 'Are you athletic?' Yes, I surf the Web. :p About to go to dinner with my joe after this awesome #dipsticaladventure :-)  super great day!!!! RT  At least SOMEBODY loves me. Haha wednesday 13 april 1983 im so glad that day happen paraphernalia thanks RT  #ff my lovely/caring friend joey  he has been there for me thru thick and thin ii love ths dude !! my friend since 2006 .. Tania always got jokes. Got to love her tho. much more glam than Rua Casa do Ator!!! looking forward to seeing this in action on Tuesday! Collaboration chums. I'm having too good of a day Tell her you changed it RT  #BecauseOfYou I do this. RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more Was feeling alliterative this morning  Did you get your call back from the job? ..Walls anyone know what song it is? :P RT  RT  Psst! Insider Reagan Tip: Always Bet on Americans  RT if you agree! RT  Look at this fool  in science class , eating crackers . Lmao :p ,, RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Its kind of cute how he knows me inside and out hey I'll be back later my bro want to sit on comp. sorry! :P johnathon think I'm bold and haughty Having tea and a nice girlfriend catch-up with the lovely Mrs. Sue Ellen Whalin. :D i am going to Rochester this weekend!! so nope thank you luv #Synthesizers thank you :-) We Found Love & You Da One &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; f4f?  x #beliebershelpbeliebers anywhere else uuu think i should apply ?? anytime RT  I love syrup but I dnt take it...... 2get..high..I just love the purple colour and sweet taste :D just made my day  haha - don't worry too much about the people who are against you and your book sir. They're providing you great publicity. My mom told me one day I'd lose someone I love due to my pride & how far up my ass it is, my reply? Fuuuuck it (y) so you mean quarter? A semester is half :X And quarter is four, troid in three :P My Happy Meal Toy you're the fucken best bro wassup with you ?  ur welcome RT  Watching  do a rockin' demo.  But he left TweetDeck open so I'm gonna say HI during his demo :D &gt; Hi Phil! RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more I'm never gonna give up on them. I'll keep the positivity flowing, even if it's the last thing I do  #zanessafaith Can I get that 'got-a-tweet-from-bruno' feeling?? pls :p #NF  follow back? perfect thatll work imma do dat right now, &gt;=[ thank you are you aware that I would give anything to win this and that I woke up at 2 am to do this  24 It's almost Saturday. Saturday makes it 6 weeks. Yayyyy! coucou plz follow me &lt;3 MAKE MY DREAM COME TRUE.  portugal loves you.♥ 66I going to eat TAMALES, do you want? michaela think I'm turbid and noise some #NFB  : ) lol I'll see if I have some free place in WWB for him :D i am  they lasted all day and are still working Puzzlejuice, it's amazeballs. :D yep :-) hopefully the last one will be ok, it's on actual chemistry instead of maths! Fridays drinks & RedLobster food! RT  I'm thinking fridays or redlobster Yes i remember :D Finals are over!! I really couldn't be more happy right now. With  at kimonos  #bestfriendtime Pour me a cup cu i sure need 1 smfh RT  Having a Chiillz Badaii..just mii && mii Monroes! :D && dis Circo Peach! on #CBB :D #ThingsICantStand ... people who cant take a joke! take the pipe out of your ass please and thanks RT  #followmejaden  .. No actually... follow   :D Shout out to all the single girls out there! lol I know! Has anyone said you could be his mum? LOL its more probable to be his older sibling :D RT  Look  #BecauseOfYou is trending of me and you that is, haha! We much supply the banter :P #FF  lovely half crazy guy. funny to talk to. Always spreading the cheery mood, so follow him RT  I can't believe it! I just follow  and I gain more 500 followers. Follow him and gain more followers! :D lmfao, i just entertained you though. :P I can tweet you!!  hugs xx RT  The Snow Look So Pretty :-) I just realised I'm not actually hooked on twitter :p :D just like your whole conversation with kegan was about MELISA .  Oh aight .. RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more Playing Pokemon  lmao being a kid again "  is sooooo hurt :D" &lt;--- the best tweet all day :D Just got so many more freckles! Hahah, your dad is so cool! :P my parents don't yell or anything because my dad picks me up at parties XD #Ff        &amp;  Love you guys! Nifty doodles! Highly productive notes. #FF to my buddy's.      hay sed de alcohol :P Was well gid! Lets do it again sometime lads! :D   &  &lt;3 your tweets are amaazing  just too many copycats takin ur credit sourced 4 Naipaul books today Cool I can definitely come along. Just been informed Mr M has a prior engagement 3 friggin days  #Cantwait follow back ya moza :D #CostaRicaWantsBelieveTour Please !!! :D 36 game , then florence bound for  birthday Me and  made this! :D My moms here! it's good to be nice!!! it makes people happy alright will do...put a good word in for me yay :-) thanks for letting me know.....how did u find that out? HAPPY BIRTHDAY thank you porfirio demers think I'm 118. Customized You don't have to give credit.   does it for you forsure bro bro don't blow me off :p 'Are you athletic?' Yes, I surf the Web. :p About to go to dinner with my joe after this awesome #dipsticaladventure :-)  super great day!!!! RT  At least SOMEBODY loves me. Haha wednesday 13 april 1983 im so glad that day happen paraphernalia thanks RT  #ff my lovely/caring friend joey  he has been there for me thru thick and thin ii love ths dude !! my friend since 2006 .. Tania always got jokes. Got to love her tho. much more glam than Rua Casa do Ator!!! looking forward to seeing this in action on Tuesday! Collaboration chums. I'm having too good of a day Tell her you changed it RT  #BecauseOfYou I do this. RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more Was feeling alliterative this morning  Did you get your call back from the job? ..Walls anyone know what song it is? :P RT  RT  Psst! Insider Reagan Tip: Always Bet on Americans  RT if you agree! RT  Look at this fool  in science class , eating crackers . Lmao :p ,, RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Its kind of cute how he knows me inside and out hey I'll be back later my bro want to sit on comp. sorry! :P johnathon think I'm bold and haughty Having tea and a nice girlfriend catch-up with the lovely Mrs. Sue Ellen Whalin. :D i am going to Rochester this weekend!! so nope thank you luv #Synthesizers thank you :-) We Found Love & You Da One &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; f4f?  x #beliebershelpbeliebers anywhere else uuu think i should apply ?? anytime RT  I love syrup but I dnt take it...... 2get..high..I just love the purple colour and sweet taste :D just made my day  haha - don't worry too much about the people who are against you and your book sir. They're providing you great publicity. My mom told me one day I'd lose someone I love due to my pride & how far up my ass it is, my reply? Fuuuuck it (y) so you mean quarter? A semester is half :X And quarter is four, troid in three :P My Happy Meal Toy you're the fucken best bro wassup with you ?  ur welcome RT  Watching  do a rockin' demo.  But he left TweetDeck open so I'm gonna say HI during his demo :D &gt; Hi Phil! RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more I'm never gonna give up on them. I'll keep the positivity flowing, even if it's the last thing I do  #zanessafaith Can I get that 'got-a-tweet-from-bruno' feeling?? pls :phaha! oh right, not confident? :/ urm, hoping for a win I guess! aha  xx como estas? (how are you?) :D yea i know spanish haha got a B for my gcse haha Snow storm Watch Tonite DEAR 1D FANS. Tweet me where you live in Europe and include the hashtag --&gt; #1DEUROPETOUR Face timing while right next to eachother .. #boredworkinggirlprobs ndee BR laaa u,u RT  apacih qq u,uRT  RT:D RT   cieeee via ubersosial for blackberry :D #MrCelebUK One Direction are my inspiration. It would be my dream to one day sing with them. Pick me  80 aw :-) thaaaaaanks Pabellón  (@ Clínica Las Condes w/ 3 others) RT   Heya! Can you plz check out this song I wrote for  and #Lovatics plzz  it wud mean a lot &lt;3 oh yeahh true lol but aw yayy I wanna see you soon What an Amazing week! Had such a blast on Jan 17th & 19th seeing   Such Amazing performances both nights! RT  Cuddling with my boyfriend in my bed so he can keep me warm  ........oh wait #singleproblems #BecauseOfYou i wake up happy every morning In elmwood park  &lt;3 I feel like i just lived the life of an old person by driving 2 mph  #stupidsnow #oldpeople  Mine and mums lunch today....   #lovemymum want to be my beer pong partner tonight? you are most welcome moline?!?!?! Lol centrallll is where you should be at Aw what a shame! I will. See you at Nicki's chaos! :D “ I love my boyfriend  so much...he always know how to make me smile when I'm down...(;”....Awwww :-) I were your 12000 follower ! :D I prefer to think of myself as just a pretty face.  :P   Thank you Youth club = unreal :D dancing away to mama do the hump by   #unrealsong @
#somedancers Sadly no. But I do get to say 'The Fallen Madonna with the Big Boobies' twice. And 'knockwurst sausage' many times. please RT if you liked #NF #teamfollowback RT  Both Of My Grandparents Are Bomb  I Get 50 50 ! Hahaha you poor fool :-) I Love you too. Come back soon? Bored of your absence x RT  It's not 5 o'clock yet. I couldn't give less fucks. Happy Friday : ) I was going to surprise you.. oops. I woke up this morning and  song #baby came on  gonna be a good day )) x Have fun tonight whatever you do! So nice to meet up hahaha! i actually said to my nan when he said that... "is conversate a real word?" :p “  you are so welcome hit us up its at like 8:30” aight gurrrrlll  $$ Not yet. I was making it for 4.3 also but the jailbreak just released so now it'll only be iOS5. Should be released soon though noo błagam dale , dale piszmy .  Believe Tour To Poland RT  Ohh *hugs* party ago shott like one M-16RT   lol its next sunday lolol just my pawty is 2nite :P Nothing..  are gonna be here :D xxx well, I'm not fluent in French. :D I prefer English. It's far easier. You are French, right? Found this on my windshield after school. Besides having a grammatical error, it made my day RT  Just read the ten page note  gave me at the beginning of the year, ahsha How's thiings? :D this pizza is too good right now thank you Man, Sherlock is just too good ! Seeing the 2nd movie on Sunday hahahaha cuz I'm a good girl looool :P ahaha ohh I might go tomoz :P x you're the best man! 
I'm excited to hear it! :D Time for a brew :-) yeah I am don't worry lol :D RT  #FF thanks the cake  bought for my mommy looks so yummy omgg “ I giggled:   I too have earned extra jell-o salad for such feats Believe Tour to Poland  #dream when you come to detroit you should shoot a vid and have me in it RT  My love for  will never stop ! And you will never make it stop !  BIEBER forever ! She say she got her own house,She say she put her man out, She know I don't be playing, Want me to come and wear dat ass out :D she gave it to me too . Player -_- haha RT   just gave me her number I got gameeeee :p ahaha jk! " Sending a kiss to my followers an fans    U B killin me softly 4 real tho xoxo$$ should accept my friends request on goodreads.... :p eating mongolian bbq and chicken  #delicious. RT  RT for a shoutout :-) I follow back. am not sure, battling a nasty ass case of bronchitis right now... will let you know if I can, much appreciated I voted for you and Marina. You two competing against each other would be epic. cdp Just discovered these - very proud you are using languages :P ( RT  S/O to my new followers  &  Thank you for putting me over the 100 follower mark! Happy Friday RT  ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER I like your eyes. :-) RT   RT  hehehe Mke WiLd RT  This summer di3 med) aponkye RT  LooL Wa ch3 ... RT  RT To top this good week off, help me try and get to 600 followers by the end of tonight :D RT Ahh you know me so well . Lols sounds good to me. I'll be waiting RT   you have a horse? me too 
 well actually he's not mine, i unofficially adopted him :p super happy birthday JUNIE DACILLO aka MS ISABEL from super avas   @ Mati City RT   Falsetto, vibratto, wail, your vocals are unmatched. You could sang the Yellow Pages and I'd buy the record. Watching hercules with liz, #sisterlylove #DISNEY :D RT   ThemGhanaianz Wif my boyfriend RT  Dominique bout to be my best friend :D gia, ma sono e resteranno sempre pecore  Believe Tour To ITALY #BecauseOfYou I'm the wonderful person I am now :D Procrastinating..you know, the usual. :P What's good on your end?  really is awesome. I still hate him though RT  hey guys! had a good week at school! hope you've all had a great week and hope you have a brilliant weekend  xx awwwwh. thanks. ^.^  But you're the adorable one! Free meals till 1st paycheck #sweeett!!  :D oh i assumed you was talking about me but thats fine i will still take my meal next week. thanks I love the fureys !!!  theyre after starting off my sing song far too early. Putting myself first from now on plz follow me &lt;3 MAKE MY DREAM COME TRUE.  portugal loves you.♥ 68 .... either you´re pretty late or pretty early  :D i followed   please follow back!!! &lt;3 Are you real? :-) #TwPauseCan't wait for tonight,I actually get to do something for once. im great!!! about to hang with my boyy  what have you been up too?? new episode of The Office. not atm no :/ and oh i hope we get one tbh! xx well ive been there hahaha not very much :P but ive been there... havent seen you though LOUDER ! charice song I will follow everyone, who retweet this tweet  
#SloveniaLoves1D I NEED HER ALBUM right now. Demi, marry me (figuratively!!) and sing "Give Your Heart a Break" at our wedding :P truly beautiful. RT    wow ...... Heeeel tof .. loved it Watching west is west :D  ahh wow&lt;3 nice job at The Delaunay RT  Hey BRAZIL!!! See you soon!!!!! I love the magnet on Temple Run RT   oh I knew that :D heard Hyper Chondriac Music before I heard Hyper Music xD it's better too! :P so glad I got my  tickets the day they went on sale! You guys were great last week in glasgow I nominate  for a Shorty Award in #gaming because... I just love the variety defo mate. I think he is quality. :-) BOOBEAR  . And "Your" lil bookies , thought they was OUR lil bookies . I cant wait to see them today myself ! janice think I'm plausible well, VMs do cut it for running games  wee bit of latency but still. It fun waiting for the cab kk thnx plz can u tweet me when it's up  xx i hope    Had a good day at school today Look how pretty the sky was this morning :D # Hi thanks for following, weve followed back, love your albums, amazing as I was looking for your offering There's only one difference between a man and a boy - the price of their toys. (MUDr. J. Cimický) :D RT   haha so nice of you. Let go next year! :D ah no i've found them, thank-you  xx I did  lmao Why thank youu i try  RTRTRT   has such a british accent #icanteven :D * enjoys it * RT  Hello beautiful people!!  ♥ xxxxxxxx Chilled night with my boyy  x Thanks homie &lt;3 RT  Me  RT  Who Like My Avi? ^_^ I love when she stares at me u have such beautiful eyes! Can't wait to see #oomf hehehehe, sowwwy, gotta go kick some ass in buffalo yeah! :D Draw this in front of Jenny's house .. She's going to love it &lt;3 :P #Merlin oooo awesome!!! Website has been migrated.  Enjoy the new layout and content SOPA seems dead now :D She is!! Follow me Tizzie? Welcome ! So where are you from ? That's true. Woof *cough* woof! *cough cough* I'd love to get over there with a CMSXeu See you guys tomorrow, making it the 3rd time :D just bought my Liverpool ticket for April too hehe woohoo i am in a very happy mood just now  xxxx Mad sleepy so there for taking a nap It's so cute when Anthony gets jealous! Lol thank you If you let me, I'll take care of you gutted for you mate you was brill  xxx plz RT🎀 I hope that my dream to meet you a reality one day #BELIVE and #NSN  :D #MrCelebUK     i need that one thing, that calll haha yes i do! :D xoxo #NF Darling OKC charm bracelet  $65 I did,. oke.. Good Job!!! :-) #BeautifulFreaksTour exactly a month from today :D RT   I like ugly shoes, what can I say :P oh wow :D really?! i've been there once actually c: i'm Canadian, but i live in Africa right now! :D thank you!!!! Just thank you for being Michael!! Nobody could be a better Michael then you! haha, yes! Why dont you get acrylic nails? Correction  first fortune is that she will dress up as a boy and fight for china #CBB DONT vote for #NicolaMclean. VOTE for ROMEO. theres a few more than#21SecondsToGo OH NO.lol  or Michael Madsen/Denise.. not Frankie!! Hiiiii yani :* RT   U Just Came Into My Head Outta Nowhere . I Guess I Miss U awww that's what's up  i was thinking like 4? She gotta be somewhere a hour ahead lol :D collin vanover think I'm pith and brevity aww that's nice  and you better tell him to come on here for a lil too so I can congratz him! whens your next GTS? follow back? Very Confident :-) best face ever hahaah  "what are you doing, ANGEL? " unforgettable  Yeah! :D Miss going there!! :( such good times we had!! I know the feeling x') did you watch the 3x10 ? Kirk the scumbag is gone  #chauvinisticpig Noo I dash U lol RT  U collect d post o RT  No,tnx  RT  U b oga den RT ... back at work aftrr long resdays. (@ Convergys Banawa) plz follow me &lt;3 MAKE MY DREAM COME TRUE.  portugal loves you.♥ 74 RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more Best part of a chocolate cornetto?? For me- the very bottom :-) #yummy Why kids always say.. ALL A's... then whatever else they got? Lol RT   All A's & 1 B It's bad manners to say you love someone with a mouthfull of lies Sure  what time? Baby don't worry about ya ' hair ; all those tracks , girl I don't give a damn bout ' that ! : ) #ff      :D hahaha oh mo your guitaring is the best Interstate Love Song Plans For This Weekend ? 

_You Only Live Once ! YOLO Hello beautiful people!!  ♥ xxxxxxxx I love when Lali breaks out in song via twitter Im Excited To Hear Daniel & Justin's Song On Unexpected Arrival :D &lt;33 ohhhh! Well good luck Check out this site that i made for you Kylie! Hope you like it   Love you! 😘 emanuel think I'm smacked down  I TOTALY AGREE WITH THAT CHOICE :PI loved Finding Bliss! we will have a day soon!  xxx let me think for a moment.....hmm you're right Aaaaah okay :D or we can just spam him until he replies &gt; Ang aga ko sa lrt. Woooo  Madami kayang tao? God, I hope not. #GoodMorning  U could have txtd me babe :P i would have replied not an accident but an accent  :L No harm in trying :P oo its all good then :D thankyoupp :D xx following :-) I however can't reply to DMs as my auto responder uses up all my messages :-( follow back pleaseeeeee follow him -----&gt;  " Need 6 more followers b4 12am" I liked a  video  Petite triple a la grenade I love my new phone :-) Nope i think its funny  RT  Jk I love  I hope she's not letting mean people get to her Out of work ı have tumblr and facebook :D u? u gotta tweet on the down low! I miss tweeting n laughin at idiotic ppl  with u lol ahh okay thanks HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH omfgg lmfaaooo :P hello everybody #NowFollowing  ... Cuz SHE cool :D Loving the voice lessons! But don't worry where I'm resting I'm straight welcome :-) I wanna see :D #Twilightin2days follow me!!!  when's your album out guys? i can work you out something like gymnastics brother baby, Pray, Born to be somebody and drummer boy :D xxx can't wait for believe!!!!! Potluck at WORK today , then my weekend begins  actually i have that problem tooo but i going to ask mum new post at bounce: hula seventy  shout out to Tankyou american woman Tomorrow I will bake Cupcakes and on Sunday, my grandma and my mom's aunt will come over to celebrate my b-day who is on Monday! Cutie RT  Following back  RT  Now following or is it because women don't want to be a parent, maid, chef, nanny, and sex slave to a man all for him to go out and cheat... Love u!!!! :D true belieber! Can't wait 4believe to come out!! thank youu : ) xx Nothing to be scared of Totally have to hunt you down if I can make it out there Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless.... be free and believe Best friend night ! #MissedThem #MuchNeeded Now that i think of it, ive always like Sean Paul Napaka productive naman ng madaling araw na to! May mga nagawa akong school related! YEEEES. so proud of my self. RT   aww thxx for tha #FF  #PreciateIt ! Finally get to fix my hair today. Come on directions let do this poo and get 1D and brit award  xiSsJL #becauseofyou am soo much stronger :D On the upside JLS Eyes wide shut was on that DVD thing :-) too good not to share! New blog post at ChezDrew #bringDETROIT32012 RANDOM OBJECTS shawty got potential; ill be your sponsor FF para la más bonita en Twitter!! :D Shabbat Shalom!! :P Totes :P I would be honoured :P x Mary!! We missed you on Wed night  Pina Colada, Maple French Toast, Banana Rama, & Brownie! how u get on  good luck xx RT  The bulls play tonight. Those MF Kisses we Had Them Our Make-Up Kisses : ) big-girls-not-cry asked: legendado de preferencia finish off the current minecraft project then could you make a new one lol... I'll get u another one RT  hey guys! had a good week at school! hope you've all had a great week and hope you have a brilliant weekend  xx follow back?  xx Ohhh, okay. No, because I was just wondering how you guys learned it lol. Thanks RT    another 02/21 pisces?  ¤ yup thanks hahaha omg, i didnt even know i followed you!! lol heyyy lol. That was so embarrassing. RT  Follow  she's gorgeous!! and loves "U.S Men" lol RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss LOL *clapping* you rock, funny man!  I needed a good belly laugh today. Leo  ♥ buddy leymeister think I'm 255. Judged Visiting  tonight RT  Chillin with      :D shawanna think I'm annoyed miss you!!! Stop being so busy and come home!! :D how Are you? Not talked in ages!xx RT  Mindless Behavior will be on the Jimmy Kimmel show 1/24/12 : ) :-) LOL I do say so! :P IMMA DEEP CLEAN MYSELF!!! HOT SHOWER, SHAVING AND A COUPLE MORE INCLUDED!!! :D #BRB RT  Shout out to all the single girls out there! you too Emily :-) RT     congrats on getting We Miss Shayley to trend! My phone gets no love today....oh well :p your welcome His name is Dudley, & he's a green cheeked conure  I will I willl dont worry bitch awww thank you gem... And thennn we'll all have a night out! :-) :D Can i have Harrys Head? Louis Stomach , Liams arms  , Zayn's Legs and Niall's Feet? :D We had Irish food! Miss you  RT  Matzo ball soup and a side of pickles. #jewish she said something funny ! lol ! cuuutie cousinnnnn Homework DONE. :D Sooooo boredddddd!!!!!!!!!!! Is anyone online i really would like to chat with someone  feel free to talk!! haha, I'll watch it tomorrow me thinks and we can talk about it monday :P xxxxapplying for jobs  #standardfridaynight I love your tweet  that's how my  speaks xx thanks When can watch 'Better than I know myself' video?  Xo from Spain! (Pd: Sorry for my bad english) hola twitteros y twitteras Cant wait to May 2 thatss myy dayy! RT  The awesome feeling when someone who doesn't like you calls you their adopted child when they introduce you to a friend No, now I am officially the last person to see it :P I know same  Yeah i was on FB last night and she posted pics of her modelling for either Holister or A&F ?  So FIT !! :* We Like Bestfriendssss & My Auntie Thx! You might like the next one too Just had a great catch up with an ex-colleague.  #earlyyears #childcare #positivepractice! Lots of belly laugh moments! :-) Nothing, oh well I'm doing it all now  #lifegoeson I can hear my inbox screaming 'Help meeeeeee' ........ Stfu im watching ice age lovely place indeed  x One thing de Looking fwd to some snow tomorrow!! im whacked  xx RT  I come out the school ready to clean off my car and my mama and daddy was already doing it.. I LOVE my parents ! There should be a  philosophy app for iPhones! :D RT this if your addicted to my #imagine. After you finish with those plowboys,send them my way.We gonna get hit from the chicago storm.Hmmm  lol Thank you Amer..#FF for you too! Tunisa played very rough but deserves it. Well done TUNISA :-) 123 Viva L' algerie didnt work just retweet my next tweet Thank you! Jealoussss! My tootsies are over-due for a pedicure my new drinking cup :D I FINALLY home :D Follow back!  x Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless :D :D i'm bored. anydvd was actually going to be my next suggestion. RT  chase for a whole week Wrote my essay about  &   felt good, cause she's an inspiration to all of us  x LOL! Could not find my passport so I had too get an Emergency Passport. Buuuut tomorrow i'll be off to London to be #UpAllNightWith1D ! :D I follow  Please follow back now. Thank you &lt;3 thanks for the #ff mention  hope you have a lovely weekend! Time to work out for a bit, practice my solos for my audition, watch #CloneWars, then practice a bit more! Here we go! yeaah, i lost my voice tooo! Hehee  too much singing! I was sad he didnt sing joker&the theif tho :/ notbad thanks  how are you this evening? boutta take a nap before   and myself and maybe Livy go watch  do work at the dive meet hi victoria! i  love ALL your songs. you are a really good singer. ok ok but I currently 29 other animes that I want to watch so it might take a while :P of course :-) I don't know how you fell asleep during that. Such an amazing movie. :P xoxo Me dads so nice too me , he made me a hot chocolate :D Hmmm depressions away!And that I could always take 1 step more to be a better person Whenever its me fred jordan and todd all we do is laugh lol Where you going? RT  Cnt wait 4 my varsity years 2 start nw :-) Bouta get fucked up tonight yes quite a few years now  NZ is very beautiful RT  This is my wallpaper, on my iPad. I love this pic! :D  &lt;~~ that is so you babe x looool okay iv only terorised 2 :p RT  relationship where you do for each other&gt;&gt;&gt; RT  RT if you are a Rusher! My new song :D Nau n' later  on #SoundCloud I love your icon Gimme all your money, gimme all your residuals illusion of what? No not really I go pubing but Without any expectations I just moved from CO that had the same thing. It is that bad. :P RT  Having a  fan girl moment with (Brian girl)  :D &lt;3 Who missed me today.? thx for the #FF sucks to suck. (jk,jk) :p &lt;3 RT  Oh how I miss "how to make it in a America"&lt;&lt;me too!!!!! I have a huge crush on Cuddi Me and  finna kill once again another bottle of pink moscato! #winning :D RT   followed  follow back &lt;3 Hey Vic, Do you like Horror movies? Watched The hills have eyes 2 days ago, it scared the crap out of me :P aww well when u charge it can u take a pic please? justin think I'm pressed I don't know you, but I bet your an amazing person  Your beautiful just the way you are, so never change &lt;3 This makes me :D I LOVE big dogs! Cnt wait 2 get home 2 mine :D"  *winks*RT  Hehehe...#Gbayi" ahh fuck shit i remember u don block me b4 no vex.RT  Lmao...I no" Rough & Rowdy tonight thank you for the comment man  much appreciated  ( Love my boyfriend so much  he just bought me new football boots for our anniversary #carbonfibres I wanna send it to Miami :-) what do you mean how much? Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless. We're waiting in South Americaaaaaaa :D #BelieveTour #Swaggg I've noticed you, thanks for the support  x : ) good to hear from you meg. Hope you're feeling a bit better! it&#39;s my birthday today please wish me and happy birthday please lol thanks french class :D Yepp ! It's "Zutto" pattichee.. njan poyille :P good nt :-* Ooh yay :D Ah yeah it should be good, hopefully i can scab a lift off my dad :L  would love too :D followed back Dats Jus So Funny To Me RT  I love you ,  x okey :D im watching Doctor Who right now :D season 6 episode 8 :D RT  #YouKnowDamnWell - I love when you text me first, because then I know you're thinking about me. Love this fan-made mashup trailer for the Halo fan film Helljumper! :D #Good_Morning tweeps Hope u've a Great Day  . :D Such a beautiful day! Finally going to wash my car  #productive Who? Kardashian? #SMH Lmao! RT   We will call it Everybody Loves CHLOE!! :Dexactly! Me too :-) x It's wine time now :-) Hello :D How's everyone ? RT for a shoutout ♥ **** fill in the blanks :P Hi, you work also sometimes on sunday, right? Don't you mind that? I watch too much Beavis & Butthead... but I think its worth it RT  "Mischief is in the details" Jason Wu for Target  we can't wait! RT   yes it was à very good moment Thx sweety nooo not yet,not been on my laptop all day :O haha!I will do later though :D xxxx lol :p today. &lt;3 YOU MIGHT WANT MY EMAIL ;) lolol trimmer. Are u crazy... YES, im Certified :p hey are coming tomorrow?? please come i'll be revising for biology cores/chemistry core in a separate room  xx Hi Kendall i hope are you very well!!Greetings from Chile ♥ :D Babe, I'm jk'ing you know your my REAL one & only  RT  :( RT  I wanna be Tiger's girlfriend. Bored at school cause someone left me...*cough cough*  Somebody #hmu followed RT  This ---&gt; RT  :-) RT  Now today would be the perfect day to have a bf and be boo'd up at the crib. Oh shit, I didn't even think about that. #sharingiscaring Happy birthday  I'm glad you're having fun my pooh down for her nap, house clean .. now about to take my shower & relax I'm only like 9000 tweets away shouldn't be that hard :P Awh thank you baby!  I love u! Hey tariq , follow back Nobody Ever See Me Mad I Always Gotta Smile On My Face Hiiiiiiiiiiii ! Can you wish me a good nights? lot of love from Spain   love yaa exist ballbusting like therapy? Let the snow begin. Got my chili going. Now I can get snowed in yes it was!! that video OMG! i could die. The inbetweeners dance and eveything! BIG RED BUS!  xxx following you back Hey, please check out my latest cover, it would mean the world -    xx RT   february 24th RT  RT  RT  RT
 RT
 #openfollow
yuk tapi #jfb ya Aaand..  gets her own special #FlorenceFriday because it's her birthday!! :') And she's an amazing #flow :D #hopeyouhadagoodday Yay!  Hubby and I are going to get our tattoos re colored tomorrow.  My roses will be yellow again : ) .. Everyone should RT this and get  on   should also watch RT  If you're reading this... You are beautiful. And nobody has the right to make you feel like you're not. My dog's reaction when I came back from the hairdresser RT  I love it when there is a strong sexy female lead in a movie hahha, kan yom 7lw wallahy yeb . Go to 9omal. Better :P i like to keep my proj really clean, w/o deleting unused stuff everytime. hope you understand what i'm saying Thanks, so much, for that! :-) RT    well thanks. Trust me I #believe “ I'm built for rape.” I am on my way. Lol. jk. Maybe. :p RT   i remember!! love you! nope ... but you're a mom  so the love for kids continues. when i get home we're gonna #RunAway together Countdown til school...#Childish but I really don't care what you think....Haha De nda Hey Victoria  I just wanted you to know that I love you from all of my heart! ♥ Lots of love from cold Germany ! ♥ 10 Meeting with the first group that has already arrive Every1 hit ma girl up wif a follow always up for a chat we legend   get following :-) I ain't studdin u frfr bc at the end of the day u still my GBF #BecauseOfYou 2011 is one year I will deffiantly remember Yes the BEST REMI and BRAZILIAN ETC hair at a great price  has them #TEAMFOLLOWBACK have a nice day though do rien haha I think if the word unfair is in a dictionary her face should be right next to it :P Thanx 4 trying ur best to make us look good 2day!!!  RT   hey guys cool working with you today with Chevy RT  homecoming game tonight  #warriornation lets beat pebble brook !!! lol aint nun to do im so bored...think ima cook noodles...thats productive! So happy those Rachel's Parmesan and Garlic kettle chips are my fav. and the cheesy curls! you got a good batch Tgif!!!!! Getting taxes done tonight then some grocery shopping... Then home to relax and enjoy the snow RT  Ima need my lil cheif  to make some spaghetti,  fried fish n chicken n garlic bread " Na U̶̲̥̅̊ and Ƨ̷̜̩̌̋ "bucephas: US!! U and i"" , hellloo cousin &lt;3 his pornstar girlfriend I'm following her check her out :-) Please follow me. YOU'RE MY ANGEL♥ ! I'll send to You 1000000 of times. *0004595* Dat we will :-) just a minor speed bump Any Zeta's wanna follow  He needs more Kitty's on his TL Im having an amazing day!! Nothing but good things RT   i did too babe!  I'll see ya tomorrow &lt;3 #payday :-) $$ those glasses looked good on you  that was a pretty good car scene Perfect, just need to sort a date. I'll be there with  camera and stories! your teeth look gorgeous carollll #FF  he's lovely and only started talking to him today! hahahahahaha, I agree :D So happy today  I miss exercising I'm such a better,nicer happier person when I do!! Had fun today!  Once again in gym w/ Mikey Boo &  &lt;3 Love those 2! ha her and joel love tangled,she watched it with me first in my parents bed though lol  an awesome idea haha In the mood for tacos later followed :-) x i wasn't aware i was lost :P Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless  :D im hype i finally got my picture of  and nothing really, just hung out My dream would come true if I woke up tomorrow and there was no more snow and it was 80 degrees the boys impersonations of each other had me cracking up so much in class..   #ilove1D &lt;3 Thank You Some guy just flipped me off...went I passed him, I blew him a kiss thanks a lot Bryan  much much appreciated. All the futhermuckin snowww. :D love u 2 bestfriend...glad we got to talk.. :-) You're torturing us! :P RT  ***hands over my mouth***  I want to tell you but I can't....eek! *MWAH,MWAH* back to you. I hope when sleep comes to you tonight, that it's long and restful :-) if God didn't want us to eat animals, he wouldn't have made them so tasty  #dominionoveryourdinner you're welcome. Ahaha, why? I guess it's one way to travel to school/college :P Fireworks #SmartKaty (¸.•´ (¸.•´ .•´ ¸¸.•¨¯`•.★ "Persist And You'll Succeed!"  1251I love blowin money!!! :D Mee && Manii Wass Playinn ball todaee  bussin ass RT  He ask me was I SINGLE , I told ' em damn right : ) Now following thanks for following In the first half. :-) RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU Youuu a hooee :p #stupidpeople just keep getting smarter and smarter THANK YOUUU!! And yeah. let me know. Hopefully I'll be getting my own equipment soon. followed! Please follow back!  &lt;33 ask : Hope everyone is havin a fab friday  x continues to be just as perfect watching the big bang theory season 1 episode 3 :P Thanks ma  RT  Happy birthday to  !! Enjoy your weekend boo! exactly! Me too :-) x It's wine time now :-) Hello :D How's everyone ? RT for a shoutout ♥ **** fill in the blanks :P Hi, you work also sometimes on sunday, right? Don't you mind that? I watch too much Beavis & Butthead... but I think its worth it RT  "Mischief is in the details" Jason Wu for Target  we can't wait! RT   yes it was à very good moment Thx sweety nooo not yet,not been on my laptop all day :O haha!I will do later though :D xxxx lol :p today. &lt;3 YOU MIGHT WANT MY EMAIL ;) lolol trimmer. Are u crazy... YES, im Certified :p hey are coming tomorrow?? please come i'll be revising for biology cores/chemistry core in a separate room  xx Hi Kendall i hope are you very well!!Greetings from Chile ♥ :D Babe, I'm jk'ing you know your my REAL one & only  RT  :( RT  I wanna be Tiger's girlfriend. Bored at school cause someone left me...*cough cough*  Somebody #hmu followed RT  This ---&gt; RT  :-) RT  Now today would be the perfect day to have a bf and be boo'd up at the crib. Oh shit, I didn't even think about that. #sharingiscaring Happy birthday  I'm glad you're having fun my pooh down for her nap, house clean .. now about to take my shower & relax I'm only like 9000 tweets away shouldn't be that hard :P Awh thank you baby!  I love u! Hey tariq , follow back Nobody Ever See Me Mad I Always Gotta Smile On My Face Hiiiiiiiiiiii ! Can you wish me a good nights? lot of love from Spain   love yaa exist ballbusting like therapy? Let the snow begin. Got my chili going. Now I can get snowed in yes it was!! that video OMG! i could die. The inbetweeners dance and eveything! BIG RED BUS!  xxx following you back Hey, please check out my latest cover, it would mean the world -    xx RT   february 24th RT  RT  RT  RT
 RT
 #openfollow
yuk tapi #jfb ya Aaand..  gets her own special #FlorenceFriday because it's her birthday!! :') And she's an amazing #flow :D #hopeyouhadagoodday Yay!  Hubby and I are going to get our tattoos re colored tomorrow.  My roses will be yellow again : ) .. Everyone should RT this and get  on   should also watch RT  If you're reading this... You are beautiful. And nobody has the right to make you feel like you're not. My dog's reaction when I came back from the hairdresser RT  I love it when there is a strong sexy female lead in a movie hahha, kan yom 7lw wallahy yeb . Go to 9omal. Better :P i like to keep my proj really clean, w/o deleting unused stuff everytime. hope you understand what i'm saying Thanks, so much, for that! :-) RT    well thanks. Trust me I #believe “ I'm built for rape.” I am on my way. Lol. jk. Maybe. :p RT   i remember!! love you! nope ... but you're a mom  so the love for kids continues. when i get home we're gonna #RunAway together Countdown til school...#Childish but I really don't care what you think....Haha De nda Hey Victoria  I just wanted you to know that I love you from all of my heart! ♥ Lots of love from cold Germany ! ♥ 10 Meeting with the first group that has already arrive Every1 hit ma girl up wif a follow always up for a chat we legend   get following :-) I ain't studdin u frfr bc at the end of the day u still my GBF #BecauseOfYou 2011 is one year I will deffiantly remember Yes the BEST REMI and BRAZILIAN ETC hair at a great price  has them #TEAMFOLLOWBACK have a nice day though do rien haha I think if the word unfair is in a dictionary her face should be right next to it :P Thanx 4 trying ur best to make us look good 2day!!!  RT   hey guys cool working with you today with Chevy RT  homecoming game tonight  #warriornation lets beat pebble brook !!! lol aint nun to do im so bored...think ima cook noodles...thats productive! So happy those Rachel's Parmesan and Garlic kettle chips are my fav. and the cheesy curls! you got a good batch Tgif!!!!! Getting taxes done tonight then some grocery shopping... Then home to relax and enjoy the snow RT  Ima need my lil cheif  to make some spaghetti,  fried fish n chicken n garlic bread " Na U̶̲̥̅̊ and Ƨ̷̜̩̌̋ "bucephas: US!! U and i"" , hellloo cousin &lt;3 his pornstar girlfriend I'm following her check her out :-) Please follow me. YOU'RE MY ANGEL♥ ! I'll send to You 1000000 of times. *0004595* Dat we will :-) just a minor speed bump Any Zeta's wanna follow  He needs more Kitty's on his TL Im having an amazing day!! Nothing but good things RT   i did too babe!  I'll see ya tomorrow &lt;3 #payday :-) $$ those glasses looked good on you  that was a pretty good car scene Perfect, just need to sort a date. I'll be there with  camera and stories! your teeth look gorgeous carollll #FF  he's lovely and only started talking to him today! hahahahahaha, I agree :D So happy today  I miss exercising I'm such a better,nicer happier person when I do!! Had fun today!  Once again in gym w/ Mikey Boo &  &lt;3 Love those 2! ha her and joel love tangled,she watched it with me first in my parents bed though lol  an awesome idea haha In the mood for tacos later followed :-) x i wasn't aware i was lost :PHi #monsters  ♥ I smile  #BecauseOfYou Lol I'm laughing NEAR you my bestfriend  had on the shirt I made today ^.^ Oll
Have a bomb time at winter formal dude!!
-Jasmine !!!!!! Now I know 2 or 3 thats gon be there with me I have the shoes sen atsaydın :D RT  S/O to my new follower  welcome RT  *both thumbs way up*  RT  Slowly making changes to ma life for the good of the long term goal. ...love ur tweets Brian ! Forget TOWIE, u need your own show!! It's all about BB!!!!  x I'm perfectly happy without you. s/o to  for savin my day I cnt wait to set up my new room Dito ;-) RT   welcome to my world love Oh yes. #BBT100 is streaming!! Excited!  xo lol I didn't go to class cause of you and I didn't steal the bear, you let me take it :p ugh I hope ! Thanks katie lol well you're great parents then! They are lucky boys  xx HAha ofc it is ;) Or not... depends on what you referred to :P and  and our 3 way calls! Shift cancelled  GAMING ALL NIGHT WHOO. #onthatnerdstatus Couch,blanket,good music and a Nick Hornby book. Good Friday night :D RT  #FF my partner in crime Hi every Twitter fan out there!!!!!!!! Seeeeeeee. I aint just a pretty face :D I have ideas ;) Rxx #beavisandbutthead makes me laugh so much :D about to nap now #tiredtiredtired hahahaha I knew this was gonna happen :P RT  Wish you knew how much i love you Segue aqui? RT  Hope I see  one day. She is becoming one of my faaaav people on here! Lovely girl  xxx Avicii - Super Mario World Levels (Full Version):  via    :D Epic song Love waking up to the sound of my teammates.. they're ignorant.  :-) hai there  kinda bored huh? please go on, tweet and entertain us exams over, no more revision to be done. cuddled up in bed at home, reading  #content it's a fashion course :D RT  #FF my beautiful babyygirl   I love you &lt;3 :D and duh! :D thxs Design FINISHED! Just working on converting the old to the new :D mr.boxman, i would like to enter Truspots Back On Today :D RT  HAHAHA just remembered  went all th way to realradio station with us just to see One Direction. They have a huge gay fan base. :p FOLLOW BACK RT  I'm in the studio working on my album, better get back to work guys. I'll be back later! :-) x "  I'm about to skate to your house." Lmbooooooo ! Ima sled & meet you half way RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D RT  Just got a letter from  ! Thanks a million  Red Bull really is the best #F1 Team ever! #WebberToWin I love you,,,, all ITALY LOVES CHRIS COLFER cheers fot tonight i would tag sophie but i dont know her name on twitter  xxx RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D you too Jules #CEPIC Happy Birthday  hope you have a great day yep it would be a spectacular sight, thats true aw  me too. Tomorrow is going to be great. Woopwoop, btw I'm well healthy, just had one of them beast oranges! xo you Finally Came Thru  aha you can draw this. Lol wooo alright :D I love my  he's my everything  &lt;3 ! new page..follow me bak Putting a smile on my face ahahahahha picchiala! :D BELIEVE TOUR TO ITALY RT  I am absolutely, ridiculously, stupidly in love with this weather, like.. Could it be more perfect! Oh k no text no calls? BET!  about to practice for the competition guess who lovess youu moreee . ohh boyy guess who lovess youu moree . ! RT  Such a new take on things “ Well it's lovely to meet you!  Ditto ok babe  I will , i know RT   lol haha :D yes yes doll reading the email has actually made me SO excited!! :D xx RT for a follow back? follow  and i will follow some of you back :D Phone rang on the tv n I checked my phone even though it's on silent You will be soon :D Hey Fox news  People r sounding very desperate for Romney and or Obama? whats up with that? they must really like you #ff RT     I got yo back bro she spent the whole day wit me : ) Orlando mall bound  next month ! 5rts favs please? Good luck tonight girls!  🏀    #loveyall absolut :-) Nf  follow back ? " time for me to change my bio &gt;"& Put Me In It please follow me? you're a huge inspiration to me, wanna be an amazing footballer like you but I never will be :( huge fan! :D Dem Handy Manny Backgrounds omg I can't bloody believe it RT  I wove you bebe hehe Aww cheer up hun  at least you haven't got a 5.30 start :/ I feel like I'm the only person awake, might just have to text you for a chat x Really need a best boy mate Lmao wooooooooooow. I'm sure I just gave him the reality check of his life  #sorrynotsorry RT  Goodnight Beliebers -♥-  goodnight hun  and remember Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless #BecauseOfYou & #BecauseOfUs It feels sooo good  aww, the first time i seen it was in pr & i was so scared -__- lol .. i want some fries :D “ Creating a nickname for your crush that only you and your best friend know.”  everyone used to have a name. :p &lt;33333 lets all hang out again soon any advice given by  is a good idea :D I'm a huge fan of her music tase and fashion sense :D haha, guess that comes in handy! :pThey love each other already damn I'm laying under my covers and electric blanket all warm RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more Watching cartoons in HD!! :D thx! Will check him out. yeah I'm going  where is it gonna be though ? No it's not, it's Hot Fudge Sundae!! OMG congrats! You won a sticker autographed by Miley!! Ahh i love your tweets there always so true  #TeamAries haha ;P Haha grew some balls tho...no homo RT   lmao You did that Sis, good job I just got asked on a date. RT   Ooh thank youu x I just saw brides maides :D Could you follow me back please K. How U? " Part of it :D RT  Yh...seen it?? "Sassymamma: True dat RT  NIKITA has tiny breasts tho'"" The lost was yours not mine. We'll talk about it later when you realize that.... :p we should go to walmart & do it with mayan!! RT   best face ever hahaah  "what are you doing, ANGEL? " unforgettable : Keep Me Posted On The Gamee Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless - in order too say hello too the right person yhu must say goodbye too the wrong person yayyy! :D you need to watch the sad one too!xxxx RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D thanks, same to you! heehee, thanks for the sympathy! :') aww yes it's good to be back at hockey! Just want to thank  that he tweeted so many people today back and made a lot of them very happy please let me know if you need more volunteers for the conference my daughter and I would love to help richard durfee think I'm bright and vivacious RT  I can always rely on my #BestFriend you offering? :p you too  x watching Hustle  you? X Me Too!!!!!! Snow Snow Please Go Away , && Please Come Back On Mondayy : ) ! My Cousin Is Thee Cutest ♥ ! I'm great thanks Sonia. How are you doing? :-) ahhh s'aight bbz  ive seen worse, trust :L RT  Dis brymo's mouth while singing tho***warabout it I know RT " Got accepted into HBU.. Now gotta talk to the coach" congrads I'm not tweeting whilst at a party I swear :P u should add me on bbm  follow me then dm Worked out many things that I want to do with my life tonight... :-) Mrs Schmidt   It helps us with a RT for the trend #SpanishRushersWantBTR ? Thanks so much :o) My dear, take me with you! :D xoxo happy it's Friday!! Have a great weekend! omm bestfriend : ) ! jacki think I'm lively and poignant I need major backup...  and  please move here soon i have the meanest crushh &lt;3 feel like a childdd Aye lil dude! What lil mama? I love you cuhz! I love you too baee  #SuchARandomThought. Fireworks #SmartKaty (¸.•´ (¸.•´ .•´ ¸¸.•¨¯`•.★ "Persist And You'll Succeed!"  1268 Kirk is amazing!   xx lol why thank u. trust me, it's the way forward! :P RT  NEW VIDEO MESSAGE ALERT! Please watch and retweet it   #VoteDynamoForNTAS what about someone like you "touched something really deep inside me :( " and set fire to the rain Come on #TeamChord let's do our usual captain  proud!!!! Remember we are up against #teamamber and we are FOURTH! Lets do this! :D Bought a cute kitten/puppy calendar the other day... open it today to discover it ALSO has inspirational Christian quotes in it. HAHAHA :P Betta yet I got yo massage
.....go fill dis sock wit rocks 
It will b da last massage u EVA need!?!?-_- REGARDLESS what the score is I'm still gonna put in work and have people tell me "damn Mj you put in work"
 soo ready ! waiting for rob khloe kourtney kim kendall and kimora to tweet meee When I started to read out to  your 1st cats name he straight away said the other was gonna be Mog :-) i &lt;3 you so much :( Just Got Off The Phone With Cash Lls Lord knows I can't wait until it's summer again, gotta get my glow back. No problem  Aww thank you ) I  love helping nice people like you ) xxx &lt;3 RT  I've made mistakes in life, but I don't regret anything because it has made me who I'm today because Reanne got a twisted mind aswell. So you think alike :P Lool that's quite true actually. But oh well  what you doing tonight? Onnie    if you wake up today, :D don't forget to say hello for  Wif "goood morning" *love yaa n kissu! Hey Victoria  I just wanted you to know that I love you from all of my heart! ♥ Lots of love from cold Germany ! ♥ 19 I want roadhouse!! Nommm nom nom see u too bahahaha ok I'm done making fun of your horrible driving everyday is a good time I'm feeling really good  how are you? no I love your beautiful hair  xxx Are you want be friend with me?  RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D katlyn think I'm fretful and timorous i tell you my high score it was 30,000 mi ne :D "typical ghetto made up name" :P lol RT  if you add to e's on the end of it its not RT NuJerseyKing vee is not a name My Twitter Back To The Old Look : ) your wecome :D feel's soo great having a celebrity talking to me :D anyways thankyou so much :D !xx Awww glad your better  Music was alright although sophie didn't wanna sing loudly cuz you weren't there ;D xx RT  no one could be like you, make always make my smile u should come see me     and Kolton :-) RT  There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.  :D warner think I'm traditions and practises  follow back please I know everything, even about Styles  Xx absoluut :-) met #maxiso #steadyhand #slowshutterspeed Hey... Lovely to see you earlier, albeit briefly! We should have a catch up there one day soon! :-) x HUGE shoutout to this beautiful and awesome girl In my room watching house charley think I'm 451. Totaled RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D you hair looks real nice long x RT  Omg! AState has some junts. thanks! Whatever. Gonna stop being do down & just gonna be happy.ha! Just flew back to the land of Jock! Back down to do some more tracks and video in a few weeks  how's u miss?! X I talked to Chay today : ) she know me well she know that ain't like me ! Excited tho :D aww how sweet! How r both my suga plums! Loving how my man Josh Pascoe is trending on twitter #Benmitchell :D :-) Selena Helps The World  Orgulho da nossa diva : ) #BecauseOfYou I`m now addicted to  , because they`re real men unlike you.  xx #oomf don't like me  , lmao idgaf though ! RT   I got the voice an angel and you don't :P just accept it Santa monica here we come :D #Fantastic5 lmao, that's why! Does jasmine follow you? :-) omg! That was u! Lol that's funny Ready for  tomorrow I'm pretty excited for group. haha, it was?? how much of it did you spend staring at eminem?? :P x ;;) :* I'm always here for you thanks for the follow  followin u bk RT  Happy birthday Maria monitag !!  / thank you rubes! Lovee ya! Baee keep it simple . Whitee or black V Neck , 501's &' eitha white or black forces .  &' Grey #365 24/7 i know wtf ... romeo and garreth to win  x Sex & the city, pjs and hot chocolate in my Chicago Disney mug Goodnight moon and goodnight you. Today's a special day I miss && love you too! we need to hang out again withh Can ne one tell me what Apocalypse means RT   hey how are you? Happy birthday to you yaa. Sorry too late to say :p Fortfarande osmakad. Believe it or not. RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D RT  #BecauseOfYou I laugh when I am sad. RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D #FF     Xx t2ribn  hopefully Might just lay in bed, watch movies and drink Starbucks tonight RT  7OSSEN &lt;3 love old places 
  what a days :D Your making me hungry!! &lt;3 RT  I say we have a movie night ello luv. Been crazily busy RT  Wonder how the other #Shaconna is doing.. Sweet tea makes EVERYTHING better Check me out Singing a Cover For the  song Thinking About You enjoy  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Haha, I wish I could be friends with Jess and the guys alright I'm good with that  and I miss you too crazy! Dm me ur number Follow me please! :D I am sooooo sad that I can't smell ur hair spray over twitter. . :-)  LOL. Morning ka morgannnn.. :D RT  Goodmorning beautiful people. Always remember. Dont be trashy, stay classy ;-) y'all go follow ----  fuck with his campaign like nowwwwwwwww! #MONEYGRIPP Yasssssssss, and Blueberry only tops shit off!  lmaooooo New bumper being installed! Yaaaay :D BTW is this weekend a good time to make you a loaf of bread?? I did Ducky. I did.  RT   yes i slightly remember a white tiger being (cont) Jus got out the shower...watching My wife & Kids ! spent my entire southern culture class passin notes with  quoting Spongebob  #CHOCOLATE Thanks awesome! Inshallah gonna try applying for jobs there it doesn't take much muhahhaha!!!! :-)  How about you get knocked out? . . . RT  Bout to knock out soon But at least I'm not anymore :D followed! FOLLOW ME BACK :D The beauty of twitter! :-) RT   i aint mad  aha. Unlike 90% of ypsi bitches i can count on one hand of how many guys ive fucked Thank you for the RT. haaaahaaa entertain me :D FOOD + DRINK  to stay alive x follow back follow me back??? Yeah just friends birthday dinner!! Its not harsh its merely a simple fact was on the phone w/ Ashley Because they asked me to be.  Plus it's much easier working with them than trying to work with Google (for me anyway). I love you miss Yandy! And I respect your hustle!!! #MuchRespect Ahaha, that was like a pun :'). nah it's alright! What's up? :-) Got cleared to wrestle at my own pace starting Monday. Best birthday present ever Trolling is so mainstream. I was trolling kids on the internet way before it was cool! :P #RT  How nice of you tweetheart    And you. Thanks ) 
. -Another Round #MyFavSong about to chill with chadd gwendolyn think I'm maternal and filial Fireworks #SmartKaty (¸.•´ (¸.•´ .•´ ¸¸.•¨¯`•.★ "Persist And You'll Succeed!"  1276 Watched 'Hugged and Kissed a scruff' for the first time ever yesterday!! laughed all the way though, proper quality !! My dress came for formal thank you sir! Have a good weekend! most of this smart people I want to beat up just because I can Out to eat with exactly! I WIN.  that's right ! aww no :( im sure you'll get to see them next time!! we can have a fun day out on sunday if you want THIS IS SO EXCITING Just so u know, today I wore nylons. For me to take a pic under my desk I had to pull my skirt up, nylons down, and hope nobody walked in LOOL sanj was telling me about that :P Bout to go shopping with thee Bestie  :-) i'd love to stay and chat, but you're total shit.  #stayingclassy thanks! #FF   :D hahahaha my last tweet was for tht dumb ass!!! Ahahaha :D About to follow  cause hes pretty much amazing :-) no, I don't have a collection. I surf the Internet every time I need some. Agar mummy papa ne pakad liya toh? :P if you were serious about having your ipod then ill take it! if you want i can give you money lolWork flow then out in the city with the God Father Every text I've had today has made me giggle. Haha.  that's a good day of texts. Watching heartland Fireworks #SmartKaty (¸.•´ (¸.•´ .•´ ¸¸.•¨¯`•.★ "Persist And You'll Succeed!"  1290 as long as it's not cooked wassup #MrCelebUK - A call from the boys?! Yes please  Shout out to 1D! love your aussie fans :D xx ده كتاب كامل RT  If Richard Hammond does present Planet Earth.... It will have one more viewer :D its ok lele i will never get mad at u Some storyboards from last night's video shoot with   ! #FF  Thank you!!! :D My entertainment haha ugh, RIGHT? it's so so lovely that it is :D I'm 16 and i'm white too lol We're Silly Babas Together? Ijajajaajajajaaaa. The World Hates Us For Sure :D Haha. Night Night My Love. RT  I'm bipolar & everything but I'm a good ass girlfriend Yeah, yeah. What's your excuse this time? RT  #oomf do have that gwop though!!  haha spoiled,rich,etc Alex Turner is an only child like me thanks buddy  I did good. Im pretty sure I got it, but we'll see Finally broke down and decided to stop:  Now I wont get that stain on my jacket next week! :-) Awwwwwwww thanks twi-sis !! :D Ilyyyy ! RT  #FF My lil Twi-Sis  she's a sweetheart followed All settled in thanks  oh, so I do rule the world?! RT  I opened it a little for u. Slow day at work its alright  x I'm sad I'm missing  and  party tonight!! Have fun guys but not to much fun!! TGIF : ) just forget my query a swear a was just telling my dad when a read this! Haha yeah a can't wait RT   Sorry about yor son. Hope all will be well. My offer still stands for a castration. I have really sharp garden sheers.  "snip" So u can tell mi wat u doin? RT  Lol lea siddung a tweet from my phone aw what! As if that's your natural hair! It's nice! " If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM." Lmfao! lol what did I do now to upset you? :p Happens to me too  must be modern GCH. I've finished the wine and only gone and found vodka in the cellar, yay for me!! te ves Hermosaaaaaaaaaa  Eres Increíble princesaaaaaaaaa :D actually i'm singing mayday parade so that my whole family can hear my awesome voice :D just kidding watching ali g in da house Exchanging dance moves between myself and  while we are both driving!! Thanks! you too. So Far So Good!  ....RT   Have a good day!! I like ice cream even when it's cold out thank you. To bad my mastercard doesn't agree with you lol. Tonight should be good awww you are too cute!!  &lt;3 HEY YOU ALL , I AM RAVEN I AM THE ACTRESS CICELY TYSON'S COUSIN . IF YOU NEED ME , PLEASE TWEET ME  #KICKING OFF MY CAREER IN THE MEANTIME Hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful day ... true  "Why e-books will be much bigger than you can imagine" RT  Having so much fun at #Sundance! Can't wait to go snowboarding. :D I knew my mom couldnt handle it ... My 2 year old niece is no walk in the park anyway  ... Lets sleep my baby Hey fatty bum bum want another #creamcake ?? :p haha im obsessed with your song!! and im canadian too lol  follow me? Shocked about  getting the boot... But at least he will be back on twitter! Tweet tweet!  xxxx S/O to  She is new to Twitter and one of the sweetest people ever! Go follow her! what"s your problem bebe? :D #pray Tonight I'm gonna dance for you Wine timeeeeeee!  #WellDeserved! RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! Child i aint care if #oomf aint meaning me but i answering. I'd feel goooood RT   I'd enjoy you bringing me lunch Haha shh i like being cocky :p wrong one :( try again? RT  Believe Tour To Poland :D it's not enough Look who popped up on the big screen!    #altsummit Just got my #planetfitness on! Time to get ready now for #birthdayfestivities.. I hope you're hungry! Cool ill check it out  xx I need to get you a card and present for valantines hun Just ran 2 miles!  phew it's been awhile..
#Sweaty. Thank you! Enjoy your stay at I see  (who sounds suspiciously like Chris) is talking about beer... beer beats snow ... thanl you :-) Ask Me~ — not until u ask first :p :D good idea  ... Or better yet 'you must be rich, you can shower in oil before leaving the house!' Heading over to Twitter to check out some reviews. I know there are some early moviegoers  I DO plan to see this f... ur new album: #BELIEVE gonna be incredible as everything u do.Much much much;love for my kidrauhl  Follow please RT  S/O to all my new followers! #ISeeYou can  come to Latinoamerica please!! #LatinoAmericaWantsBTR !! Only thing I like about being sick is I always get skinny Lol waat you talkin about?? RT   thanks  my young boul they're smacked! Lol jk they're really cute :-) haha I guess so! :D saving to see yma6 though -.-  It's Amazing How Ur "Hey" Sounds Like "I Care" To Me #FF  i heard shes a good follow ... ;) :D hahah #FF my 3 favourite G(a)linda's!!!    &lt;3 :D yes cuz I love talking to you PLEASE do, *in my black voice* haha Headin home  time to practice some cover songs There are surprises in store for sunday!	:-) :-* Yeah I remember eh.. #ff  He's an Honest Unpretentious Nice Guy- crack that code ؛) RT  If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM. I stole my friends phone and found these #xxx #porn #vagina shots xoxo :P      #JM #BecauseOfYou Im the happiest ive ever been I miss youI get to spend my last day befour holiday with my girllll :D #happy! please follow me d(-_-)b  &lt;3 i love u and your swag lol, i'm portuguese :p ahh dont jinx it :D looool so that single for ever :p hahaha ;p Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless . . . . pls notice me ?? sammie think I'm 465. Triggered // Ha ha! Yeah, I totally don't either. I mean..Psshhh why would I do that? #Weird :P (hee hee I &lt;3 you more each day, K?) RT   #TeamFollowBack thank you yeah, yeah. Excuses :P
Are we still hanging out tomorroww? I yaaa tebea libliuuu RT  haha...lyublyu moego bro  tol'ko my tak mozhem ) I knew it before I opened the link... lol :D  enjoy it!! I love when I'm just sitting an laugh at the stupid thing I did in the pass awww thanks Mimi  your welcome! And your the best girl...female friend ever!!!  TeeHee! I love when he says "ill see" It more definitely means Yessssss RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D RT!  I love my Grandma more then I love myself butun megan fox tweetlerine inat en buyuk CIMBOM Janet i From chile and really admire u can you say Something please? make me happy. I love you  #17 BroNYCon was awesome :-)  Hmmm... someone in one of those pics looks familiar! :-D syble fahs think I'm meditative and sympathetic I tried sending my mom a pic of my hair and I told her it won't let me send it? and she text back , "Fudge," LOL my mom is a jewel RT   Hahaha..aoo Tebluv..from pensdown? Really? Lol..mara yea..we tuned in :D sii! (: & Mike got lucky with us eeeehh! he's stuck with us :D We use to talk for houurss :D , but look at us now ! RT  If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM. But it's true! :D Just cries my eyes out watching   and  on story of the musicals on iPlayer  I LOVE LES MIS!!!! The big bang theory now . So exited that my phone is jailbroken again. But I have to, dammit! :P follow back?? i love you girl & im praying the best for you  , otr . FOLLOW--&gt;  PLEASE  SHEs FOLLOW BACK! and by all accounts have been amazing help.Thank you *A* team; you've done well :-) no because I'm talking to someone been applying  plus ahorita no tengo amor maybe Iove is on its way  no seas negativa mala North and Main  &lt;3 haha kirk is a goner  any chance of a follow hun Almost every day I get 1 follower lmfaooo lmfao :D #FF hahaha, yepp true. but ive already voted for him 6 times so hopefully ive saved him :D &lt;3 fingers crossed xxx you can make up for it monday  xoxox Yes it would :D To bad they don't like each other. Just got my cute new travel bag from my fav man....the UPS guy  Pink & gray from it seems to have gone darker :-/ I'll get them tomorrow or tonight :-) I've missed you, can't wait to have a cuddle Fireworks #SmartKaty (¸.•´ (¸.•´ .•´ ¸¸.•¨¯`•.★ "Persist And You'll Succeed!"  1294 This was me less than a year ago :P RT  " happy times with   " #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK yay  all I need now is Milk I always do enjoy it! Lots in there to address the times now, eh? Big hug back, Mark. RT  New day. New video! Check it out! A cover of "Doing It Wrong". Hope you enjoy!   RT! Found a $1,000,000 bill today lmao I can Only be Mee : ) :p I told my mom I want to do something and she said to clean her room. Not what I meant but she said shed pay me :P Happy Birthday to my Roomie Courtney RT   Me too  I love you brothers & sisters &lt;3 I will do that If you me for any thing you can get at me antman1139 :-)  xoxoxoxxx i was just kidding about that too Praise God for His provision. I got a job today!  also getting our save the dates printed. #goodday because she is on a turkish talk show Yes maaa...*hides under duvet*" Colloby wat? RT  Let's colloby :D RT Sassymamma: Cold oh" “ just tried Qdoba for the first time ... I don't regret it one bit ” see i told you  mexican food is my specialty . Hey guiseeeee. Today and yesterday I was so stressed out. I couldn't tweet. AT ALL. But now I can! So hi everyone I'll never forget When the supply never showed up & it was a free period to chill!  lool &  came w/ her frends Getting ready for work/ raven's Hey guys! Vote for my artwork :D    #flo_tweet Happy birthday  You're such an amazing actor! I really hope I get to meet you some say! We love you! :D sounds like you've been pretty busy, but you can do it! push the the pain // tiredness. :D : ) , lol RT   rest then, no problem, the most important thing is to make sure she rests enough, has fun, is healthy and strong :D &lt;3 Still need   to follow me please Heyy, Please Follow  and Check out this Video Thanksss  finally old like you! RT   Feliz Cumpleaños, Happy Birthday, idk any ohter languages. have a good one. i just dont get this lol, will delete soon, 4 cans is my limit i think hahaha! yeah   because we are awesome! hmm nice knowledge guru  but... my keyboards broken =/... ?  thanks for the #FF love! that must be it right? :D whatswhatswhatsappppp :D &lt;3 Mistakes are sometimes the best memories hello Emily hope you are well :-) x My Shit On MTV Jams Kill  lls RT  Why do people see rats as these gross animals? Believe me, they are the cutest things ever. RT  Want me and Louis to follow you? Just follow  then RT this! :D thankyou aww,we still have our apostrophes on waterstone's signs!! Venice isn't real Italy :p
It means r u smoking weed? Lol RT   lmao u silly and no he plays for the Chicago Bulls haha but at least u learning! soon u will be an all out basketball fan!!! follow back ? :D I dont know what that means - but i have seen your chest - and it's is spectacular :D your avi is smexxxxxy !  imy ! i can if you want !! i'm a girl and i love you ... So if you want follow me !! :p xoxo &lt;3 contract is cool, but few people have the time for all that routine stress. I'll rather pay as i talk, if i run out,I reload! About 30 more mins yayyyy!! :-) no, they stayed there because they performed at blackpool winter graders and i went perfect news!!!!!! :Daww thanksss  #FF  I miss him so much! He means a lot to me!! He's gone to Lahore... *crosses fingers* Praying he doesn't come back engaged :P Heyy Rack City Btc I can't stand when people try to hustle you....just boils my blood of couuurseee  y tuuu?? I hope so RT  I just saw Superman himself. KENT :p on the phone wl  talking bout her tattoo . awwww thank u so much. I Want A McDouble & Some Fries & A Sprite : ) çingar is a thing which is sometimes everything RT  Happy 5th birthday Kidrauhl ! ...hi haterz New twitcon & new twitter name  Name Inspired by,   &lt;3 #loveher there's so much about me you don't know :-) aw thanksss Gimme a week! I'll organise the perfect lady :p RT  Stb_shortcake you have a girl in mind cc RT  If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM. Porridge is great after a good workout  don't eat too late tho lmao ; yeah gurl dhat my baby daddy  . Goodnight Fireworks #SmartKaty (¸.•´ (¸.•´ .•´ ¸¸.•¨¯`•.★ "Persist And You'll Succeed!"  1301  I need to borrow my friend's earbuds (is that what they're called? O.o) that have a microphone in them. :P Fan: ' kirk I love youuu!' Kirk: ' I love you, I really do!'  your such a nice person :p jus got Homeee RT  i'm following and listing the next 150 people that follow   RT if you did & i'll FOLLOW YOU oh dear?!? The moments are very short and I feel I may have my beady eye on someone else pleaseeeeeeeee follow me!!!!!!  :D :L xox Don't dwell on those who let you down. Cherish those who lift you up. #FF   thank you for INNspiring me BWAHAHAHAHAA.... lol it didn't fit in one tweet :P good luck with the moving Thankyou for the job advice haha  Although I am not actually going to come face to face with customers xx thank you and I followed you lol ok thank you & see you tomorrow  :D estaría chido :D hip hop and reggae canaaaaal? let's go!  we can say its educational ;) Two thousand seven Macs? That's a lot of hardware. (Sorry, couldn't resist.) :-) I can't wait till my sister gets home so she can share her chips with me New blog post up!  #pitymeandreadit :D you will get used to this in no time im a dumbass i got it in like a day or 2 :P u can also do your tweets as a fb update I'll do one now especially for you :-) Having a dance party with my sisters :D oh well i know that one, you know where i am famalammmm nestor comito think I'm tardy and belated lmao damn i forgot about him but at least u kept tht big ass chain as  compensation lmfaoo  lorddd V Day is effd up :D I love you  !  #SeeYouInALittleWhile. #God'sGotThis. Janet i From chile and really admire u can you say Something please? make me happy. I love you  #23 Yes sir  RT“  Lucky” YESSS! OMG! he is soooo hot!  &lt;3 xxxxx wearing her new panda pullover When is it your birthday? So I can make something well try :D bout to go to my granny house :-) Bacon wrapped hotdogs thats not too hard seeing as your skinny!! :P love you too “ Man its hot as fuk out here 80° #TEXAS” Bruh don't nobody care lol :p This is why we should chill tonighttttt! oh sorry i thought i did :D .. twitter is trolling me now -_- 5....... 4...... 3....... 2.......... 1...... Kiss Me....... Kiss Me! 




















Follow Me  Jaden RT  RT  I Don't Even Smoke :P Mmmmm should i wear facepaint 2 the 2012 grad today? Would them let me in if i do? Lets fine out 
- 8/20/11 &lt;3 Love coming to my nans !! :D I wrote some QBASIC today, for real :D do sometin bout it den! GOSH and  in concert together!? I think that is well worth the 10 hour drive!!!!!!! USA Here I come!!!! I'm the best daughter  hehe. release windows soon please :D Okay! i want a football shirt that says TEAM DEMI go on a bored trip to tesco ? wat ye think ? RT  Ironically after receiving this picture I want to go running :P Love getting pics back from Lucas! #inspiration NOBODY can beat my TempleRun high score :p Woooo graciassss :D :D You just useless at soccer hawu.. Lmao no man.. Mid December bra.. As I said though the next time you see me will be on TV Watching new NCIS :D oh yeaaah i don't understand how péople do FAKES TWITTER of famous. I mean , everybody know the real Twitter of celebrities :p RT  Can't wait to live off Girl Scout Cookies  #ThinMints RT  Having a Follow Spree  Following ALL of   Followers now &lt;== RETWEET this! glad you are already planning your wedding! :D RT   We the Daidee Kings ^_^ YEA MAN!!!!!! :D lindsay think I'm 185. Fabricated :D jdu spát zlato... tak dobrou noc a hezké sny شكرا يا باشمهندس ربنا يكرمك Just talked to my other mom I guess you're right, don't you feel annoyed for having sone friends? it's a new feeling 4 me :P wow so SS3 3D is earlier now!! :-) RT  #ff I agree! RT  I say we have a movie night This is exactly what I mean I love when I have nothing to do! ... But relax about to take a well deserved nap RT  #FF to some amazing TT fans that I will hopefully meet this year!     :D xx RT  Photo of the day from #Antarctica, a living room in the ice! RT   thankss Ppppkk mi aliiiiiss???? You only can be my shiiitt!! :p purple grapes and coffee combo :-)that looks so good, save me a piece Anyone want a chat let me know I'm a harsh person  .. He wasn't expecting to go cause he got a rich daddy to buy votes, ahh well Almost a yr! Time flies! Quality time with papa Tom  #rolemodel #bestdadever you think Han?  xx Watching all dogs go to heaven this movie never gets old RT  Today was actually really good This is my first time to listen to #AboElLeef album :D ! Over-great Most of them 
*May1,2011* RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D Good Nighy Night all  sleep well ! see you tomorrow ! x jordon think I'm 375. Reputed kourtney footer think I'm fractured WIII DE REGREZOOOO KN TONTERIAZ K DECIR 
:D Thanks! :D :D We may not have it all together.......BUT together we have it all Loved your "Like a Virgin" programme Vote For Me - Baby Bash 2012  VOTE!! :D you're just awful. Send me a picture though I, Johnathon, am happy to say that I would have no complaints to that end.  :-) Thanks for the #FF mate. "There's no timeeeeeeee!" - Scully, Queen of Queens :P Against *evil grin*" R u 4 me or against me?mk ur chioce nw!RT  Urs like grenade! :P " Ur nose like tap!"" LOOOOOL my friend were going crazy when I hugged him :D Busy bee in here today... blog post coming soon Thank you for the follow! Please goto  for more information. RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D #Np: Future -  No Matter What , #MyShit ! : ) yup, read most of Les Rougoun-Macquart during my dark, brooding phase :-) Germinal, Pot Bouille other faves So close to 400 please help! :D xx good morning,start your day with the smile  ingat and god bless kermit trinklein think I'm 390. Screened Lovely meal with everyone tonight :-) going to sleep now, #goodnight world! I AM! LOVE YOU! WANNA MAKEOUT ? :-) Now I'll quote a few lines that I liked from the book hey! Its some time in February I think, probably so that the UK is less effected by the next hiatus  xxx sorry haha, just really happy though thank you  x ima inbox you :D miss talking to you &lt;3 wayne and dianne  xx (·_·) → (|  → _/(.¯.)\_ → (: |) → ¯\(·_·)/¯ welcome to my twitter.. don't worry i not tweet a lot hahah :D i don't know nothing about OVER twitter or something... jejeje :D EYE UHLRADEE ATE IT. BUHT IHF YEW WUHNT, EYE KAN PEWK, AND GEAHV YEW THUH PEWK. :D Secondhand serenade - your call Everytime i see oomf , he pretends to stab me with his finger , hehe . It ticklessss :p Lol I Thouqht Youu Knew! : ) Actually, I really wouldn't!! :P Thanks Cousin Ex: Wyd ?
Me: Nothing , Wbu ?
Ex: Sad Imu :(
Me: Imo 
Ex: What That Mean ?
Me: I Moved On ! RT  go wish my cousin  a happy birthday :D plz :D aahah Kevin Just Texted Me Hi  whats up? Surprising my Punkinose, picking her up early from Preschool and taking her to Chuck E Cheese #SisterDay phew Awesome lunch date with my mom and then with  My mom
Is my best friend RT  Hopefully its lik xfactor and someone quits #cbb and  comes back  cannot believe he is out. WHAT haha at you ! :p ya i suppose haha :P xxx stfu asscrack. i do what i want. :P lol Awww I hope it was delish babe! strip #55 IN THE 100 OF  :D arianne hurme think I'm new Love you so much.&lt;3 When are you coming to Poland.? an island in the Mediterranean “ #oomf don't like me  , lmao idgaf though !” haha :D ehm.. what do you mean with tag? haha ;) I will add a few more small tweaks over the next few days, but will mostly focus on adding results in again, I'm desperate to get it done Me & Janika should go sledding &lt;3 that would be fun : ) You know you got some real friends when yall beefin, & them bitches come outta nowhere ready to fight with you! I LOVE MY BiTCHES My sick beautiful baby. :-) Hello Saskia! How are you ? Have a wonderful weekend ! FINALLY found a baby sitter for my daughter RT    Hahah yeah, now I can listen to Same Old Song in my car, put it on blast. what time? Be yourself that's the best you can ever be I love catching up with old friends.. Lunch date! gracias :D buka deh link yg aku tweet :D follow me please?? your amazing &lt;3 Yang pada mau liburan, have a safe trip and enjoy your long weekend! Can't wait to see #coedelite tomorrow  #beentoooolong Another wonderfully productive week for the career, now it's time for some weekend fun!  #perfectbalance RT  Yay  is following me heyyy LMAO ohh YEAH obviously and YOU  ariana grande ? Uau,   Johnny Cash.... Hehehe! Isn't it purty? Love the color/motif too :-) Did you see the psychedelic pears trivet just posted too? Wild. Feels good to have my view back Going fishing! 2012 Comeback Video : ) Please Promote , Comment , Like This Video Please .#RT THIS now plz ! That was a lovely and funny phone call with Anthony.  xxxx #ff  hit the follow button. Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless C´monnn girl RT if you are so excited Only a week left till winter league starts, can't wait!!!! :D Great class tonight - lovely to be fully booked again, hope to see you next week :-) thanksss just said she likes long wood hehe RT  Who's excited about  's cover #ItWillRain !?!?!?!? IK I AM :D . RT if you are too (;&lt;3____&lt;3 gessh elli brennan think I'm clarity and straightforwardness RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! "Make A Sound" by James Fortune from his new CD "Identity" :-) thank you 1411 lmaaooo that is #hilarious haha :D RT  Thanks ! RT   NFB .. Ohh right, I didn't know it was for that!! :D WELL DONE! I am so glad I helped! :D xxxx SO HAPPY FOR YOU!! xox :* Thanks Crushin ppls spirits on mw3  RT   what are you doing tonight for your birthday? Will SBL be showing in cinemas in the UK? :D All followed  #monsterlove exciting loving the fact I actually understood the rasputin reference in Hustle thanks to AS  history :P k, no rush. I'll keep plugging along here. 1-2-3 : ) Lol - Tomorrow Will Make A Year & A Month Fa US ..morning.  So I think the season is half over. Follow back?  x It would be nice :3 Hehehe but good for you :D RT  “ now following  &gt;&gt;”you know my boo you think you cute and shiiiiiieeeet lolol. :P #BieberFact: Justin doesnt mind sharing, but he wont share his Beliebers. "they're mine" he says  &lt;3 -Aly oh I have Xbox :D Jus got a tattoo :D RT  lessssss then a month till bracelesss :D #thatswassap RT  Idc ima leave her in my bio I still love her regardless love you !! sisterrr  xx &lt;3 RT  The best kind of kiss is when you have to stop it because you can't help but smile. Ciroc it is tonite shishkibobs! they're amazing RT  If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM. andree think I'm full of life I like her too xD Mainly I just watch 90210 cause LA and beautiful girls :D I really like 2 from the cast. am i invited? :D RT  when your stressed out and you need some, I got you Astept ultrabookul cu WIndows, caruia sa-i pot detasa doar ecranul, care sa devina tableta independenta cu android pe ea  #2012dream hi people :D I hope I still run through your mind like you run through mine&lt;3 #FunnyShit #YeahRight If she knew  lol Orange juice and cookies Followed Hmm... how old are you 12? yeah man joe harper and few other lads :D xx RT  Believe Tour To Poland szlachta zrobi RETWEET! :D Just dropped of my tournament edition madcatz arcade stick to get dual modded  .. xbox and tournament players beware. lol RT  If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM. RT   wanneer wordt funny farm gereleaaased? // Duurt nog wel ff RT  all new episode of Shake It Up airing this Sunday! one of my favs hEY!  sent me &lt;3 She got an ass on herrr. Pillow!!! :D  So i have a rain-dance. Sue me. I'm an Aquarias kid! And i'm African! Everyone should have a crazy awesome rain haka-like dance RT   Thank you! We are trying to trend Gaga Is a Musical Disgrace  i know you dislike her,c'mon haha, it's the truth.  and yeah! Concerts! hmmm  i think thats code for get a new tattoo Thanx man  another hot track, with soul this time is coming soon ;) RT   I'm cool ... haha hey you! Was happily surprised to see ur name added to my list even with an appointment? :P You're my Best Friend! &lt;~~~ Fav Line! to see which 1s we know. Any particular ones that were so big we should know? :p (although they were bigger in the US, we're sure) good night my friend.... The main character obv! :-) Dunno what it'd be called tho!  amado think I'm terrible and satanical you're welcome! I FOUND IT   I could never find it Aww don't say that... Im sure Yur a kind person Cannot wait to see my loves after class for the night and head home with them for the weekend  #happydays yea right ok babe  I love you, imma watch a tv series muna Baka makatulog na ako after RT  and Bustin Jieber loves Brazil. cant wait to come meet all you Brazilian girls ;) heck i cant wait to meet girls in every country bored to  death !!! any suggestion  for a Good movie  American  if you do not  mind :D ? Seeing Megan Fox on Turkish TV for the first time^^ It kinda makes me proud  #BeyazShow ASKDGHAGJKSD;GLJKSDGK SKGASJDLGJASK :D &lt;3333333 Yes we shall fangirl together peanut butter and jelly sandwich! haha and people like to see them :D jk haha but pull YO shirt up!!!! Hoe :P good morning....! :D Sat eating a bag of nut clusters watching the worst film ever... Lol, oh the joys of having a night off thank you  yeah he does. ea ea ea!!! Viernes :D ... your avi is BEAUTIFUL! I think my dad is more nervous than my mom :p lol hes walking everywhere Seen My Uncleee Haroldddd RT  No One Should Never Make Their Parents / Mother Feel Like Shiedd , I Love Myy Mother  She Holds It Down For Single Parents :P Happy Birthday!! thank you crazy bitch I really want tonight to last forever, i really wanna be with you following back : ) thanks  x I don't know you, but I'd like to  I bet your really sweet, and an amazing person  your you for a reason, don't change &lt;3 RT  she juss went ham ctfupp GO HEAD ----&gt; #Teamwork i love that question  hahah I Something Sweet To Eat ; A Brownie Or A Slice Of Cake Maybe ? No problem. Just be sure to keep me informed :-)Ha noted. I remember your hair  RT   My name is Jenna. I was one of the three girls. Try to remember that. RT  There you go love  RT  Lol & My FAVORITE Class Buddyy - - - &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I want Absinthe for Windows now... :( please,  ,if i wake up tomorrow you have done the windows gui. i love you dreamteam I will try those, thank you!!!! RT  Goodmorning Ex Thanks for your understanding and support! Love Jonnys fans - they're as great as he is!!! Waiting for tomorrow RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first you forgot the great American prospect #OneOfMyFavoriteMovies Poetic Justice Yay I foundd my notebook movie lool reppin north west ..not dirty north :P Will do. :-) I love Ash :D Merciii &lt;3 :D FINALLY got my license!! About freakn time!!  #imabigkidnow  when do I get my ks1 pack? Upminster infants are excited! it says ur using default build 1789 in /version xDD i dont mind tho, thanks anyway bro I'm not playing its real he told everyone he was leaving twitter except for me I thought that was rude!! I'm glad your good Friday! Finally! This is me before my game today :P cant believe im going to see   tomorrow cant wait    i love you guys so excited to see you  x Thanks a lot :-) no no no...it will be me :-) : RT  I lie and say I have a boyfriend ... And that shit don't work wtf lol RT   
Get another cocktail in, then kebabs baby Hex is fun too, which is what I should have said before.  I'm following  hope I'm the 1 to make the number your asking :D x thank you too :D haha RT  #BecauseOfYou I finally figured out what I deserve thanks  xx RT  Okay soo Rodney & natiyaa told me they wanna come to my dance yayy 😃👍 RT  #FF Dinner with the family then I get to see  !  yay #excitedtweet ☺ RT  Every1 tweeting me about the #BelieveTour I have zero control over it but the man that makes all those decisions is  beg him!! why?? Cheer up  xxx Thanks, Julie Bane! Now let's get you a website. I know a guy. j'assume!  #pasmoihiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ♥ that you don't. You NEVER have sick humor... L0L! I figured so. :D Ill have to figure out where Lori's designated hang out spot is... lmao...well thank you!  i actually like my lips but yours are better ;) alejandra harmeson think I'm rare RT  Believe Tour To Poland szlachta zrobi RETWEET! :D talks new ABC Family film and  Thanks for the chat!   via RT  Every1 tweeting me about the #BelieveTour I have zero control over it but the man that makes all those decisions is  beg him!! They are kind of closed at this time of day, I'm wondering where and how to store until I'm able to dispose he publicado el link :-) With my peeps    
#partyyyy ;) give everyone else the finger and decide no matter what weight you are - you are already bikini ready :-) Good morning people !  let's solat subuh ! Yeah! followed pet peeve #1518414
people eating/crushing ice very loudly... dude shut ur face :D it's 4:51 pm here  what about there ? Lol. I swear if you were any more bored you'd be a log :p  innit past your bedtime missy? RT  Psst! Insider Reagan Tip: Always Bet on Americans  RT if you agree! RT  RT  RT  RT   yall bringing them asses to the #SKATEPARTY tomorrow ? |mite slide thru now I do Haha! Very true my friend. Im tryin n it seems to be workin. santina think I'm 129. Designed RT  Untethered Jailbreak for the iPhone 4S and the iPad 2! RETWEET THIS :D glad to see you're alive, lovie  fb chat? its present which me n my gymmates gave to our coach Rebeccas making me food i know right! haha partying tomorrow though! and no just come in from swimming so i'll watch it on +1 Gunna get ready soon !  So excited , Dave&Busters here we come ! )) Booked a flight back to Dallas next week so I can see my sister who is coming in town! Yay I think you need to make a third account  LoL xx love them!!! Can't wait to see them. How much degrees is it outside!? #dayyumm going to lamphere to watch Jared's gameee but its true! You are pretty I wonnaa be closee to youu & do thingss that loverss do Thanks so much! RT  will maybe do a glee trivia and more things in this area  x looking forward to it x night all x #JD Fireworks #SmartKaty (¸.•´ (¸.•´ .•´ ¸¸.•¨¯`•.★ "Persist And You'll Succeed!"  1322 Long live the internet ... free internet for all :D lol no i meant to type blog  :p i cant wait to see the vow with my boyfriend &   &    #DoubleDate glad  stayed purely just to piss   off Weigh 170 now. That's 10 pounds in 15 days Oh well, theres always a tomorrow :D Got sent home early PLEASE FOLLOW ME :D #twilightin2days I DID! You text me back! :p Ha! The party is going down tonight in Denver, you have time to book a flight from the other D safe travels but if not having out with us isn't too bad Selena Helps The World &hearts; I log in to a TT :D TAFE forms all filled in ready to go the not so smart lady at the office and then i say 'bring on 6 February' you were amazing at one direction on Wednesday :-) x Uhhh uhnn People aren't about to start calling me with all their BS nope nada lol  &lt;3 RT  I Like What She Got On Wow!! Holy crap that looks good!! but yeah we can go at like 1/2?? How long do you think it will take haha true. ugh I still feel blah. I should probably be resting this weekend but I'm going out to dinner 2 nights in a row :P RT  Harry: If a monster stole all our fans would would you do?.....Zayn?
Zayn: I'd be.... VAS APPENIN BOY!!!!!! :D lol thank you  you study medicine btw?? RT  Every1 tweeting me about the #BelieveTour I have zero control over it but the man that makes all those decisions is  beg him!! - Manitaa  . . . Waddup My G ! gonna call my peeps to see if they are goingFinally omw home ' Wonder What My Boo Doing  About To Text Tyler! Premier arrivé, premier Tweeter :P HIHIH we are the best. :D 4 goals in 2 minutes :D this sounds like a perfect plan  home and away, when came everyone make it? :') I want to go to Jersey City today I wanna wake mari UP :-) love you 2 RT    that's what I like to see  love you both bestiesssss !!!! :* it won't be out in NZ for ages so I shall watch it on a video sharing website that hasn't been shut down yet! Lol follow us back :-) Janet i From chile and really admire u can you say Something please? make me happy. I love you  #40 No :( BUT THANKS SO MUCH :D he will follow meh someday .. shall we try again next friday :P AHS marathon with my best friend. Challenge accepted. :-) checking it out now ! :D Good Morning! I love this new nail polish Im in sucha happy mood right now  im just so blessed an thankful for alot an the pple i surround my self wit mayb thats y &lt;3 I think his voice amazing ! Follow Me Please We make Jordan smile all day with sweet tweets & wear purple or red LOVE your videos!!! :-) Haha &lt;3 You need to tell Tim to look out for you and some Schouperman drawings :D RT  I really wanna have 1000 followers today ,help me pls RT  Every1 tweeting me about the #BelieveTour I have zero control over it but the man that makes all those decisions is  beg him!! Last one.... Think this is you... I will do, bye I'll do it and make you guys admin  xx followed RT   FollowMe While looking at my intro to nonprofit ppts I stumbled upon this!  #AdvanceMemphis "fingers crossed" yeah I know haha oh well it will grow back in no time! I will doo soon  xx yesss!  I'm getting sexy to yo man  "strip" They're like excactly the same size :P eww hes ugly..im taking that as an insult :'( Working out with Thank you Bride day is Friday  #myfavorite thanks mate. Who thaaaa fuck called you a bitch!? What a fucking cunt! Fuck him I'll shoot em that's good and nope :D do u? I drew  as Ash from Pokemon :D :p RT  -  , thts ok bby .. Enjoy yurself  .. && just waking up .. ! Yu ?  aha hey :P how many contacts u got on bb now bab ? xxx cheers Hun. #ff is follow Friday. Recommend people for others to follow. :-) i love u toooooooooooooo :D Feeling drunk, High off each other haha!! Morrisons, deepdale and a night in sounds good if it's ok then it's ok,waiting for my salary day! Quitting therapy is the biggest decision for me me nd my nephew My Name RT  #RespectYourselfBeforeYouWreckYourself =true stuff and I see you're taking over the world? RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D your song drunk has been on repeat. im in love  xx FOLLOW ME!!!! yes me! LOL :D ‎‏ ‏Thanks .... Hope my gma come to see me tomarr with Zhmirah.! I wish a could clap my hands and have a wiper, clean me up after I do a #2  #LMBO  comin to america style... :-) noo I'm about to eat popcorn y drink fast energy  heh you wanna join? are ya still watching gg? Nope - it's a very popular British invention. RT  #FF back  #lHopitalQuiSeMoqueDeLaCharité ! :p I enjoyed it Catching up on Switched at Birth #TeamTyga Please do not spam  about your #LastKings Orders, don't worry he's got you :( well I hope u worked sutin out :D jus sutin out dere tryin put hurdles in da way! Hope u made the 7pm sesh bless #Follow Just found out that you signed up for the HeroineBB!  ,  and I will take part, too  #W00t My view! Don't worry, it's just a cover for the fake passports YEAAH my results are out !!! I passed with high note :D TY God De rien Would be absolutely lost without  she's the best friend anyone could wish for Be our day Shoutout to ALL my followers A on my college chem test AND a package in the mail from my dear friend Viki, filled w/ lots of Austrian chocolate & CDS!  God is so good. #BecauseOfYou I know what love is LOL I will Thank youuuuuu 163092: Fri Jan 20 21:52:20 GMT  Realtime Bitcoin block count. Get started at RT  - fuck you Cunt Face ! :P not unless we both wear ah 3 sweetie I didnt think a blog post could ever make me cry but that Larson B one did... I should really get out more.. :P can you give me some sunlight ? because here in germany its fucking cold! :D leland think I'm airy and frivolous hahah okaay me too. but i just followed. ive never been tweeting till this summer. :D careful tho  are u ok? Hah Sucks for you :p I Was Thinking About All This Stuff OnThe Way Home. : ) hehe that made me think you were jesus :P cause i read it as ''jesus wishes'' and yeah people are silly though :/ babe dont even let peoples bullshit get to you, your better than that RT   you are fantastic-er #CostaRicaWantsBelieveTour Please !!! :D 78 Thanks for the info. I'm a UTA alum, class of '02 aurelio munda think I'm disgrace and ruin About to go shopping with mommy RT   lol i can ill cook you anything lol : ) aww haha  course not ...but how many slaps have u administered as a cure in your professional carreer madam ? #Shoutout to the New Follower  :D #FF Watching tv with girlfriend  good timesK rico subway ‏ Shirts are overrated haha :p #NoShirt tell me a lie, stole my heart, more than this, gotta be you and one thing  loving the others too though... heal soon! Hope you feel better. this weekend OMG Hot Mikado was amazing!!! Ahhhh Jazzy's voice!! Goose bumps! Love her! Good day ;) love you guyssss :P xx it was an excellent question. You are more than welcome. RT  What a great day, this is better as sex :P well ok it comes close lol RT  If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM. lol yes please teach me!! I wanna use it so bad and I know the feeling haha he followed me on my personal account Mr Zero is coming to MY city??? This has to be for something awesome! RT  My latest  creation! And then  got involved and it got eviiiiiiilllllllll My mom's mad cause I've been on my phone too much, my stepdad is on my side  I will get my unlimited texting if its the last thing i do! mel ingala think I'm lifted I Actually Feel Comfortable Singing To Donnell. Followed bang RT   folback dong chi :D welcome beautiful it itches my weeny xD It's not too far away!  was saying the other night how soon it seemed to be! Hi ... I Can Not Begin I Love You Follow Me Please Have #hunterfever #HunterMadness . Chile I Love You And Me :D 9 When can we expect #BTIKM video? ) Any more details you can share with us? &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; follow back babe. :D Thanks Garry! Much appreciated! :D My acceptance letter Steve said have they stopped serving food because he hasn't eaten yet. The nicest thing is see your smile Told you, you would hace fun ctfu  RT  At chuck e cheese, had 6 slices of pizza and like idk how many wings sumiko woodfolk think I'm tenacity and coherence I know right, I think i'm gonna try to come again this summer . And new guy? Do tell my attitude will have a bitch wanting too blow my shit up *shrugs . idc idc you're weirderrrr :p Nice people do exist RT  I love rashad you guys  he's a great person Follow me pleeease awww #souljaHugs lol did you have a great time? Well england will always be home  I'm great thanks. Let's do something soon x dorsey farrin think I'm affectionate and warm-hearted Zaria for pageant princess or whatever All ready I'm at My House  (Indianola, IA) Beer housee Shouts to my new followers  Let's Tweet #believetour in Florida and you guys should have a #mistletoe girl and a ollg Busted:
 brings me more joy that Maria Brink.  haha #subtweet everyone go follow  please&thanks!  x How exciting!! Will need a welcome party for you and   x Ahh omg Jeyn's driving this is so exciting :D RT   no prob.  btw.omfg love ur icon ..zac is soo hot *-* Fireworks #SmartKaty (¸.•´ (¸.•´ .•´ ¸¸.•¨¯`•.★ "Persist And You'll Succeed!"  1338 Got more important things to worry about 2nd film of the night with Alex Pettyfer in I'm good thanks! Totally excited for sunday seeing 1D :D Thanks so much for the #FF, my friend! :D get tweeting ;) #youcandoit  x Dumb Males :D RT  Females learn to talk earlier, use sentences earlier, and learn to read more quickly than males. I mean it! : ) & more glad you liked it  and yes #bigbenbooksofrecipes I won't forget, any more suggestions let me know :p yeah i am..just to busy.... i will try to be active again. soon i making new video for George..,,Returning to path''  xxx yeahhhh!!  feels so good :p that's sad isn't? A week without my phone and when I get it back it's like my life is complete:D I know! Ha ha ha! Hope you're having a lovely holiday :-) aye thanks gorgeous goodmorning team candy!  mejo sad ang PT kagabe pero mukhang narerealize na ni wendy na di nya love si Lance.  thanks paco:D aww so sweet of you sis :P Boutto Straighten My House Up Cus Its Payy Dayy In My House & Ppl Comingg Home With $$ & I Want Parts . Lol love you snookie i do the same things you do RT  I just love him :D I love John 3:16 because it shows Gods love for us through His sacrifice and gives an amazing promise to us who believe #FF I will and umm who's that in your icon? Please follow me. YOU'RE MY ANGEL♥ ! I'll send to You 1000000 of times. *0004612* im in l.a now  and I want your baby lol RT   hahaha  like shit. I ♥ PINK. i have an addiction for VS. I wanna work there when i turn 18 while im in college. Hahaha. Stale face tho? You couldnt live without me making your life stressful! lol s'all good deary. hows uuuuuu? have you dyed your hair???? Janet i From chile and really admire u can you say Something please? make me happy. I love you  #43 Nope!   i refuse to go in :p looove it  I miss that place & you girls &lt;3 Hi there  Love ur youtube page :D okay, thanks  ill let you know if I find out how I am stuffed thanks to Why follow each other and dont talk??? Lol to my SILENT followers HI MY NAME IS ASHLEY!!!  *Waves Hand* I have NO idea what that is :/ but congrats :p I love the smell of fresh paint :-) RT   gracias por el follow chica, keep the metal spirit. :D #FF Have a great wkend! awesome well im not sick okay lol i just live at night :p Me, otherwise may refuse entry tomorrow :P oh oh oh someone got a twitter!  
#welcomeaboard Regrets are a bitch but you gotta move on ... awww thats a really great idea! :') #loveyou  xx It's freaking cold, I have no heating in my condo, association doesn't want to repair it and I pay for heating :P How is your day? i want several is very happy for her gorgeous lady  :-) you deserve it sweetie xx your awesome :D love being with friends RT  Jennette's lyrics is what I quote hope to hear the songs she co-wrote 
&when she's nominated for awards best believe she got my vote!Onee week til my bdaaay ! :D RT     A Kate episode is an episode worth watching  Wish she had scenes w/ Steffy though :( she really is Heeyy victoria  , saME HEREE omghh i heard in two weeks u guys have finnall exam , wish you luck hun mmm , nobody cares hi, are you the one that I send the recording to? And am I going to film when I say it? thanks i to besplatne :D 
-problem My Baby Boy #FF    cuz they awesome :D + tru . Gotta work around the boo time RT  The boys will be going to America, Sweden and Germany in the next few months She tries even if it gives me a headache at times. Just got amazing news!! So I'm excited “  pavel abbott on twitter! #absolutelegend!”
&lt;&lt; hehe, thanks thanks po. RT   followback a glass of wine would be nice please PLEASE  PICK ME  #MrCelebUKand1D yesssss Fuck it I'm going in :p daisy think I'm distended and distorted Thank you so much!  Xx 'carloooooooooooos' i miss singing that name :D Its okay  The BIG BIG BANG! RT  Snow White and the Huntsman is trending? Wow this just made me smile I'm so tired, todays prep time was very unproductive but quite fun. Flaming tennis balls and all :p Getting so pumped for the championship game tonight!!  #tornadoes#1 nice! Mine is '09! And it is the color of your school color blue. Not the the baby blue but the darker blue! :D yours mama? Whos all up :-) Hobo ya :D Do it! hundawg..its gonna seem like I'm moving in :$ I have so much stufffff :D --im so infatuated wit u I like it, id rather be called gem than Gemma :-) first set of #ff tweets I've paid close attention to; informative and entertaining - actually want to check them out :-) hahahaaa, you're gonna be single! :D ah well, they both make for good fire lighters eventually RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D I love you Yuhr.. Welcome  Rt"  baain ! LOL aww thanks love &lt;3" also, how very lovely of u to say so :-) have a great weekend! X I have no idea lmao you should check "we can't go on together on suspichious haha land" if I had a quarter for every time you and  tweeted per day I would be a rich man Tweet 5000 to the love of my life  : ) love you baby If you don't want me in your family, just say. I don't mind I will just find someone else, Caroline wanted me. starting with my bruddar nowww.  see you around 8 babbiiii that's why me amd your are friends #BecauseOfYou I learned to smile even when i don't feel like it...N make the best out of a bad situation : ) :D ! i loveeeeeeee it. hey! Love ya! U suck! :-) #ff my Frenn'  I fucking love her. she's funny, no.hilarious! she'll definitely keep you laughing  follow her!! : ) thankssssss Neshhhhhhhhhhhh !!! :P. and your welcomee!  xx Watching the MB DVD bob think I'm celerity and violence ;chillin with Mikeyy. Mall later. too win :D she unfollowed me. :-) back to life as i know it. #blocked you're forgiven he told you he's good...! girl I'll be back and we can go out RT   thank you  you rock ! #amazingpeabodies Megan Fox (MY WIFE) is trending because she's on a Turkish channel. Fuck she's hot. :D marty randall think I'm displaced Hahaha yaaay :D And when someday I meet U, I will give the shirt I told U about :D You always been that way : ) ah man I don't, sorry! If I see my friend I'll make sure to get it for you #newgirl only seen episode 3. Quite funny, bit of a weak story line... bt will give it another bash next week RT  Rules for texting a girl: 1) Don't take 40 minutes to reply. 2) Use good grammar. 3) Ask questions. 4) Use the  face. may be difficult for you to follow me  but i still hope you can follow me 
thanks )) LOL any of your new followers, I think you two are fairly sane :p RT  Ex: Wyd ?
Me: Nothing , Wbu ?
Ex: Sad Imu :(
Me: Imo 
Ex: What That Mean ?
Me: I Moved On ! shes beautiful shes ,smart shes gud ,shes bad ,shes funny ,shes amazin shes my bestfren &lt;3 shes RT   okay would be good! and for snodgrass to get a goal or two as usual!  xx Haha same :p let's hang out I follow ALL my followers!!! No joke!!! thank youuuuu  RT“  sexy af in her avi!” follback donk... i am doing absolutely nothing this weekend :D I love your new avatar! "  Last one.... Think this is you...   haha it is thanks #memories hahaha lol ! I love when fans do this first Mia and Darren then this common people his 29 5 amazing BELIEBERS  go follow  ---&gt;  &lt;--- they follow back :D . no me gusta el reguee :P Mrgn weer CC business in today the unimaginable happened: a #londonblackcab let me pass him first before swaying left to stop for someone :D same :D are you working? haha yeah i realised it didn't make sense when you said that :( :P hehe nope no blonde moments there! That Was Amazing BATH : ) yeboy!!!! :D Sleepover  house with  and RT  Every1 tweeting me about the #BelieveTour I have zero control over it but the man that makes all those decisions is  beg him!! Good night !:-) Jó éjszakát!:-) Végre hétvége :-) :-)!! The PERFECT end to a shityyy week  #cantstopsmiling your wrong there like ......was totally shocked hoped michael or nichola would go :-) NEVER STOP DREAMING Believe Tour To Colombia We can do it :D I love Sjsu because of yousirrieus weetje niet wat tvoh is ? The voice of holland ? :p I would like to dedicate my 800th tweet to  and for our awesome new life motto About to go visit  at the loft ohh, yeahh i rememberrr. Ooooooh! Yes, I understand it Cutie Pie :O Here in France , I had my phone very cheaper  &lt;333 Have to say the gas is nice- no mess, stacking, chopping, in power outage, still works! Have tea, fuzzy socks, & cat! RT  #ff   &lt;3 Why thank you :D x. RT  Awww kirk and frankie! Cutiesss :P RT  when i do something good i get a little cheeky smile on my face :P you were awesome :D glad you enjoyed   #desports!! :D RT   Dare To Dream  xxxxxxxxxxxx and hey!xxxxxx I kinda do too  It reminds me of Bella from the Twiligh Sagas  What time is it where you live ? I was just a little cranky. I've spent some money though, so now I'm okay Settled in. About to get food. спасибо!  -  I gave  +K about Russia on lol dont worry babes im ill as fuck been bed bound with swolen tonsils or whatever they are so i reckon ill probs die :D RT  A big welcome to all the new followers so great that you are supporting :-) oh ok.. well I'm glad you doin good ahhh , i missed twitter : ) BELIBERS FROM EVERYWHERE needs to go on  and vote for Justin &lt;3 check out #FaveDestiyChildSong - 8 days of Christmas Might have to have a Crabbie's Ginger Beer Lights lights lights At My Best Friend Amy's House :D But She's Still At School :/ Progress on horror project so far: Werewolf almost finished :3 take a look yourself :D Most people think i'm in high school :p or they think i've failed like 28962 times. But i'm a honors student so :p heyaa did you showed my drawing to Avan ?  please read this , mean the world &lt;3 your angry tweets RT  Happy b'day   wish nothing but the best ya kembar... Mi are sabilah~ :p can't believe kirks gone #FIX! And that letter was sweet that u sent him Thanks Don!  “       #FF” are you a dubstep lover?any recomendations?  I love the light half-tempo dubstep in BTIKM,and your voice fit soo well on it! I'm in love with these girls  ,  , and thanks God it's weekend :D who's ur mate? Coz if brogs is his niece on her mums side that means I'm his niece aswell lol Thanks for following  how're you? So that was like the worlds biggest sleep! Lol.. :-) It isn't in real life though. :P I was right behind you, the black honda civic, when you were parking at Cristy's, I could tell by your badass car &' hat :D coffee is something that needs a yay though hahahaha your probably correct cheers too the weekend you are amazing :O please follow me  &lt;3 Shock to the FACE! Exciting! I want to be home with you too. RT  Come kick my ass on  I dare you: hahaa, that's a good one Tommy! Ready to watch my boys play tonight. 
FHS &lt;&lt;&lt; FCHS ♥ Oh right okaay, hate when twitter just unfollows people. Sorry but I'll follow! :D Yaay we can talk!&lt;'3 I'll just hide in your suitcase :D you won't be able to handle shagluf, you can even handle newport! Haha..mong! Xx RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D Well.. Aren't you a bit snarky today. I like it!!! that's awesome lemme be ur receptionist lady lol Photo: Great TT’s today :D (Taken with instagram) lmaooo, That made me laugh :D We followed yall RT   ohh niceee! Hi i just followed u  plz can u follow actress  il giv u shoutout &lt;3xoxo 100 away from my 20k tweet :D So glad I got my dre's back Janet i From chile and really admire u can you say Something please? make me happy. I love you  #56 think im going to spend some time with mammy to cheer me up S/O to  just because he is the man  #lovehim #NF   #TeamFollowBack One bus straight home Smoothie :D makin' my day eeeeeven better!! Outfit for tomorrow,
Cleaned my car out and oil changed,
Going to get my moms car,
All my homework is done. 

Now who want to drink?!? :-) you are a star.  x Going to watch some TV now :D Need 50 followers please :-) #TeamFollowBack #AutoFollowBack thankyou!!! it really means alot :D Thanks boo lol  RT  Have A Good Day At Work Maggs Lol QT  Omw to work.. RT  MU After Dark is going to be awesome with FREE mini manis, massages, makeup lessons, and an acoustic performance by yeah  wbu? vsk mporei 10 min eminan opote skase j aku! :p Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless, Hell Yeah&lt;3 :D #BeacauseOfYou i know how to treat the next my cousin had a little yellow baby today, as soon as he can talk i'm going to teach him how to spit game : ) Totally forgot bout some leather heel boots I bought and only wore once,months agoo!! Yey! Unfortunately I can't make it to London so I don't need the tickets anyway. Thanks though  x thanks bbe : ) in Sweden for the weekend. My dad was nice enough to let me borrow his laptop and internet. Applebee's parking lot is empty #goodsign yey! One of the best feelings! Thanks #BecauseofYou i grew up knowing right from wrong, appreciated my education, and have strong values. forever a private school kid & proud. Smiling on the outside 
Dieing on the Inside :'( Hahaha join the club! He Calls From The Air Port Just To Say Bye, What A Nice Cousin I Have RT  I drew  as Ash from Pokemon :D I made a Heart in my Pie Kickstart the drama  ♥ X BTW I'm wearing the smile you gave me if you make it to the end of the abstract without losing interest, it's probably interesting enough to review ok! Well I'm on my way to work right now. When I get home I'll see what days you're available and make a reservation helloooo octavio think I'm 33. ArrestedPlease follow me. YOU'RE MY ANGEL♥ ! I'll send to You 1000000 of times. *0004617* Ahhhh, so hungry haven't eaten all day! Can't wait to eat some good food and have a beer  FINALLY! my kindle is working again. Lol you know I will :p "  make that money" welcomeee KFC and a Nandos in one night, average days work! :D I don't BELONG to no nigga , so therefore ima do what i wanna do  #single Absolutely don't worry about a thing:$ :D yep that's me super amazing  lol love ya #NWAF Robinson's Chocolate Tom: chocolate in a glass (perhaps more for girls) but still v nice :-) With PLEASE VOTE FOR ME ASAP!!! :D  home sweet home  now is time to sleep . morning tweeties Zzzzzz were both sewing amateurs Sleeping in an airport tonight should be an interesting experience. There's a first time for everything right? haha well then :P we need to have a sleepover soon...cause we need to catch up! imma call you now :D mm Me and Matt Bennett would make great music buddies I'm a download some music before they censor the internet :D Good night everyone¡ #Hari himself told me when I last interviewed him u mean imp!! you're welcome RT  Yeah, she's a good girl. Selena Helps The World  lol  I'll try my best to make you happy  you're the only one I love! i think i no who thats bout :P AWWW!! I did win one game though  ha wheeeey xxx pat think I'm slipshod and untidy its so cool Sweet baby Jesus....I'm getting a dedication to my best friend. #StayClassy Just had a really lovely meal out Thanks RT  There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.  :D Just kidding....... that Grampa. hi after skool was crazii dwn da main hallway lmao nd he bit me Headed home 1.GROWN UPS! duhh 2. 3. )Tonight, Tonight by  4. 5. 6. 7.YES! cant wait for the weekend party and bullshyt party and bullshyt I'm in PK morning service, and thanks man Gita by me again :D #Delena(50) and #Stelena(37) so the winner is #Delena!! thank you for voting everybody :D &gt;;o i like mr.furrr beter he was funnier I like it. Texting #oomf  &lt;3 &lt;3 Me kaaant wait ta give her one of those special hugs next month. haha Oi  you look gorgeous in your avi ! Lmaoooo :D who is it ?? :D you looking so good. sexy Got em short  💅 are you in weatherspoons tonite? Think i just seen you with ur mate! :-) - no worries - check out our facebook  for monthly eco-cool contests, info & more! honestly getting sooooooo fucked up tonight, can't wait! :D om nom nom rico!!! Jajaja provechin! :D megan fox is trending because she's in a turkish TV channel right now johnnie think I'm deception and cruelty RT  #RITZ2 DOING NUMBERS TONIGHT & THATS A FACT haha yeah I know. No worrries  and thanks for refollowing x Hyped about tomorrow night! Gonna be big pimpin' in my suit in the wine cellar RT  THANKS to everyone that tweeted today!!!!!!!!!!! You made #GetUrGoodOn a worldwide trending topic Reunited with my mac miller CD.  thanks Yay im done with finals! :D RT  I'm in love with these girls  ,  , and obviously you can! You did a damn good job thinking of your current one! Hehe, you have no idea how much I love it :D on repeat(Y) Yeaah baby! :'D Can't wait till the tour dates come up + i can start planning;D! not missing this tour! :D xxx RT  I'm in love with these girls  ,  , and RT  If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM. aaawww you speak spanish don't you? Show us your skillz with a Z Many thanks for your follow Someone tell me why  is so freaking awesome :D RT  " que les parece como Dibuje a Amanda ? :D #TheRasmus - #ImAMess  aaww hermosa ♥ RT    Hey stranger! time for mulan til what :-) I feel the need to change our UX email avatar to a panda image  cc Tales аb the low singing followed! FOLLOW ME BACK :D Gonna go to bed and listening to some music now! Goodnight every1 xx What music do you think I'm listening to? LOL Hey Andrea !  Finally you got Twitter ! and this rounds it off to 50 tweets! :P I'm just gonna sit here and quote Wayne's World all night RT  I'm getting DMs telling me there are horrible rumours on the net about me. Obviously spam, but sadly the rumours are probably true! What a day *coughs*  :D ok thanks a lot- very appreciated sis  - its a hard choice to make and i don't wanna make the wrong one LOL my dogs a spaz  but i love him sooooo much :') &lt;3 I bang in the east and i bang in the west and i kumm to give yhu more i will never give yhu less Bitch get it yourself :P CROATIA LOVES ONE DIRECTION!♥ CROATIA LOVES ONE DIRECTION!♥ CROATIA LOVES ONE DIRECTION!♥ CROATIA LOVES ONE DIRECTION!♥ :D You're back!!! Lol  RT  "Drinking already?" Don't put it past me. RT  Believe Tour To Poland :D &lt;3 i like tt was he wearing your shoes when he went for his spray tan? :-) RT please im down! Its only 19 degrees out, i think i might take my electric blanket with me to savs  #LoveItMoreThenAnything10/10 #Oomf is a gentleman  . He keeps me smiling New to twitter. Not sure if my tweets are posted. Can't wait for show today w/new chairs. didn't mean to be a bitch but that annoys me Awwww damn :/ ahh well they've stoped #SOPA now so we'll still stay in touch  haha thanks I will do for sure :D Justin bieber plz follow i admire u n ur my idol n all i want is 4 u 2 follow me plz thts all i ask u plz :(  plzplzplz i don't think tye is. I'm just going to work lol good luck! RT  I'm in love with these girls  ,  , and Thanks  "  cool pix" RT  Game tonightt, team dinner, sleeping over  's , then basketball in the A.M :-) you are so welcome RT  Stayed home from school... Time for some xbox! :P aha! just messing :p I'm gonna practice 'shy to kisses' with my dog, Sakura! That was way too cute! i understand you! I hope you party a lot in adriana mini birthday party follback caaa :D lmao got on the wrong bus (they tricked me), caught the red express, & got to class on time #LikeABoss!! It's going to be a good fucking night "Just hit, field, throw, pitch and go. Be smart" -Matlock thanks! lol tu as le numéro de secours en + :P ^^ any plain envelope clutches with studs on? or just a studded clutch? thanks!  - I love these…... tweet now added to favourites!! Thanks :D #FF  cause he's my gay husband.  &lt;3 I should come to the DMV in the middle of a snowstorm more often! I'm and out in 15 minutes. TY Right back at ya!   #FF Yay I gettin see  today its pronounced like the chef ainsley haha..   ( live on yup! he was so nice and took a picture with everyone did they send it?? updraft tonight. lets make this a good night.  #dramafreebitches. Chocolate=Good, Greys=Bad :D Watching a talkshow with Neil :D ia dong . (: twibi forever Okay.  are Kenneth and Cody still able to come? yes pleaseeee RT   Your avi's. They're dope Yo. lol yes lets leave her alone yup lol It's such a beautiful song that was me yesterday! They are hard work days like that but when u flop on the sofa at the end of it it's all worth it I love chad kroeger he is so beautiful man & cute I didn't like it babe I LOVED it thank you so much for sharing    ;)  xoxoxoxo I want a new twitter name , let me see if my bestfriend  gone change it : ) lol RT  Deffo haven't been watching MTV Karaoke with  singing into TV remotes, dancing round the living room U too mydear . Love u so much (⌣́_⌣̀) RT  When i give u my heart...please..dont break it... RT  Massive thanks to everyone who's been there from day1 and helped to get us to this place , RT     algoo de progresivvv   eaa Not a problem! Happy to help. Hello : ) , Wassup ?? is such a nice guy now  #NotADick #LoveHim Even subways is reppin the caribbean colours  *grenada #carriacou Aghhhhh thank you tho Omw home. Today was fun. Fuck every time I come to my grams I always pass the Indio polo grounds & I remember I'll be in there this  April :D emile swallows think I'm discomfiture and degradation bryce jus saw one of my valentine's day cards from Recard and ask how many valentine's we've spent together lol #memories Since nobody wanted a shout out i'll give one 2 my followers  and jesuscares7 follow these 2 their the greatest!!! :-) Off to Chattanoooooga for the night with  to visit Dr. & Mrs. Doster RT  #22112011 10/10 thanx for the follow :-) That should be me........ Finish the sentence!!!!  JB #MrCelebUK One Direction are my inspiration. It would be my dream to one day sing with them. Pick me  106 بنت عمّـه من بعـيد :P #NiceShot A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it’s based on the foundation you built together. #BecauseOfYou I'd rather b by myself I actually think Frankie may have a shot of winning this he hasn't been that bad in the house changed my views of him I liked yours they were lovely  its just that mine was raw when I wrote it  that was the last time arsenal won a trophy x aw...best Pauly D quotes  made my day! I miss watching j.shore and teen mom with you :( After the closedown I just did, if I ever go to work in the morning and the place is a mess, I will hittttt the roof. Walkin home RT  Selena Helps the World, she has such a good heart Those moments you wish you had caught on camera  #TeamFollowBack every day you help me follow my dreams I can say Thank YOU Never Say Never, I'm so proud to call Beliebers  I LOVE U!  86 alright NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Also the time isn't correct, and it doesn't fit, like... at all. :P RT  BTIKM is def not falsetto. It's fuckin high! Def tricky.  but it feels so great to wail that out. Cathartic. Mom , Grandma & Aunty Came Over , They About To Leave Again , Therefor Home Alone Again Of course! And, obv from his name, he loves our love! I've listened to Well, I've Been loads tonight, too! :D Acabei de ver chaves :D :D zvuchit niche tak :D lmAo.!
Lets go eat right now cdfu.! & no i hav plans. sorry. :p oh hell yer:-), whatch your back at altimes ;-), i may just be in the shadows with a bucket of freezing water :-) De ipad is echt shill promo hard, yeah he do!  If ya wanna seriously gain more followers...no pushing This is so cute... &lt;3 RT  The last thing our parenting teacher says to us before we leave is #dontgetpregnant! I'm gunna miss her RT  Thinkin about bringing 2 chainz to the intersection with the doughboyz cashout as a opener Sooo I hear that my car can be fixed.! hehe you and your rhymes, I love it lol I know, you're a night owl :p Seriously, me and  could make some serious cash on this show... if we could avoid arguing for half an hour :-) has everyone seen harry styles on ed sheerans video drunk?! :D RT  There's no reason for me to stop loving you, but there are a million reasons for me to stay ;;   RT   Appreciated Yo! Come To Turkey pleas :'( I knew you would agree with me awesome u r nearly catching up to what i had phaaa just another 120 to go :P so wubut ? xxx I want Frankie or the twins to win yup I'll have iBob all charged up!! Ima b perving on sexy cowboys! Afterall I can still look :PRT  How to be followed by NIall Horan1) RT this tweet 2) Follow  3) tweet me if you did :D can I get a RT because you were in my shop earlier but was to embaressed to ask for a picture :P ;) anytime Upside of that being I now have a reason for having bought this stuff of the Store :P #FFVIII Thanks for the #FF&lt;3 & back to you! Enjoy your weekend neighbours! Well I hope! I'll investigate when I hear it again!  hope your well x :D Me too! She's a pretty one! I'm thinking of doing a mani with her and some navy blue sometime soon I'll follow you if those are your real eyes I even pay the $20 fee to import last year's info cuz I'm lazy but it still beats hundreds lol :D Night sweetie &lt;3 Sweet dreams  xox RT  Every school has a One Direction obsessed girl. RT if you're that girl Feelin gud 2day :D Great! Good Luck! You are so generous with the people of UNICEF :D RT   Mandame el link :D RT  If u dont like me I dont care JEYDON! i love you soo much  and i really want one of thoes walien posters! you should really send me one cause your amazing♥ take a. champagne shower :p  RT   lol it's cool but thank you ;) oh yes I do need facts at school. That's why I tweet during my classes I love your hair cutt :D Thanks for the connect, Pam.  Though I see she's in the States.  I'm think this panel may be too far to commute. Haha i'm watching his interview with Craig Ferguson :D RT  Big #FF to  ,  &  for beeing on of my best #Saadesisters! &lt;3 RT  I'm in love with these girls  ,  , and bout to ride out....boo time tonight  #cantwait Yea! RT  Exactly, I can make a trip && so can you. &lt;3 RT  Atleast Tally Isn't Too Far From Jax def her face... I do fucking love me a natty light. Cheap as they come and I don't mind the taste I Mum and step dad's business venture! Shall be up and running in March when we get the rest of the machines up. :-) I could wait in your car too  no drivers license no medical lol all bad two things favorite follower or follow friday  lol Teacher asked me to write down my favorite singer/songwriter today... My answer:  
#YHM i saw it  but on the instagram post he said R.I.P blue sooo is he going back to his other color orr XD k pena iva a pedirte k m invitaras :P RT  #FF can you get on IRC? Twink -__- RT  I got the job at Abercrombie and Fitch!! :D i like T-ara's song SS501's songs and rain bi's songs :D His eviction that was his best moment for me my lil bro tryin to curl my hair :P lol Watchin someone brush his or her teeth and u shout out- FIRST time for everything!!!! =D The picture i just sent   &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA :D *side eyes* oh i know lmao jk  hope u like I love how my dad thinks that I'm coming over to see him.  #Wrongo maglt shay inzain :p Thanks for making me a grilled cheese thanks RT  1:30 My RightHand  #BirthdayTWEET RT  Dear Haters, I wrote a poem for you, here it goes. :-)

Roses are red, 
Violets are blue, 
I don't care what you (cont) Yeah!  Ur every positive word in the dictionary ) yeah haha. When I saw the piercing I knew it wasn't some ghetto nigga And that makes me more happy :D A sweet ride off & handshake marks my TGIF... It's gonna be a super long weekend missing him... #74 Icon:8 Account:X you're a new follower but according to your tweets, you seen really nice Hey dude how you keeping? yup :P &lt;3 Following back :D RT  I swear I'm ready for softball! Got my uniform and now I'm ready to go.  #HURRY Just got the sweetest message on fB from oomf ...i really appreciated that, he def made my day in my brand new jacket  ill start up the focus... ok Hallo means Hi and Tschüss means goodbye same! i really love that album! all the songs are so magical!!  all the songs should be singles!! :D " Forgot today is pay day $$$" DUDE I did tooo!! Thanks for reminding me your welcome  RT  Thanks to  and owwwww. he ready WOHHH got 300 followers :D x Cousin skeeter Are you from Jamaica? Cause Jamaican me crazy. hatin my parents right now :D MadV yeah :D RT  BTIKM is def not falsetto. It's fuckin high! Def tricky.  but it feels so great to wail that out. Cathartic. I saw a monarch butterfly today! Made my day... :D tonight bouta be on point celebrating my niggs birthday angel hernandez :D ! lol i can deal with those sometimes, i just dont like seafood, never really have :p pirates of the carebean followed ya omg that's soo cool :D lucky you&lt;3 I speak French thats good :-) yea but I live :P just now and again I really want some and can't have it :P I know I'm missing out :'( #cravingakitkat Hi guys.. what doing?  I going to bed because ... I'm tired..  yeah.. tomorrow is weekend ;)! Keep kidding yourself honey cos you ain't kidding me   #chinchin ;) you broke up my zouis! its completelty your fault :P sawa,goodnight " Flirting is how a #Gemini communicates lol"  - this just gets better and better. "O.o NOT :P " hahaha Indeed. Bottoms up!! my lil London bunny!! How are you my love? well I found one by googling  = RT  Yes bby  " Hope  enjoyed his day.Happy Birthday again dear :*" I Hope The BEST Guy Find  . She's So Beautiful, & Have the Best Personality. She Deserve To Be Treated Nice lol okay well you should:-) :-) Shy?! God they need to see you when we're together! Fucking mad you are :P ♥ Awe  Thats why I love ya bro ♥ Mmm....:-) Mexican food i have the cold so it's not that good .. but i tryd :P RT  anniversary in ♥♥♥♥♥|♥♥♥♥♥|♥♥♥ months with  makes me increasingly drifting into her heart :D #alafu RT  My heart belongs to you &lt;3  us against the world , we ride 2 more followers to 220! :D` after a stressed week, so happy the weekend is here i can finally relax! have a great weekend  enjoy urselves! ♥ &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;~~~~~~~~ #NFB She Pretty and #TeamCapricorn ! RT  Want my skype? I'm giving one lucky fan it If you follow  she means a lot to me iiisso I know, right? Well, this summer, I get to be that for my other nephew and niece :D You're really bored in an airport or something, huh? -thanks for the #FF Don't you ever for a second get to thinking you're irreplaceable Morning oppa  haPPy weekend \(^o^)/ Fingers crossed you meet them  x I bet you do :D  - xavier think`s he`s cool cause he has more tweet`s than me ? #ff  a fellow geek who gave me back Black Swan when I didn't want it back :P RT  Can someone find me someone who can be my hater? Like really it's been almost a year now & I still don't have one. :p Vjosa me pelqen menyra jote e te kenduarit  AND I love your style &lt;3&lt;3 Suksese! xx haha I love you too crazy lady! cleaning out my car before the tow tomorrow, found these from the crack cupcakes!!! hahaha oh but you were burnt! LMFAO jk 2 weeks umair! 2 weeks! :D RT  Just watching the lads  Girls are going mental! Thanks to  for drumming tonight!! :D :-) lol damn! I'll just close my eyes and listen!  catch you there x jest 22:56 a ja myślałam , że 23:56 hahah :D Believe Tour To Poland I didn't say I would listen though yup, most definitely! #FF  on the phone to her now and i've known her for ages, go followwww  she'll follow you back :D . 26,000th tweet ! .. ima give ths to my nigga  since it's her birthday  lol lol yeah i figured out that it was my sister haha shes such a loser :P your welcomee dear Me and  &lt;3 well its my first time Glad your dad got rid of cancer :-) #JennerKardashianFamily happy birthday markWright, iloveyouuuuuuu hope you have a good day!!!! p.s can you follow me please  xxxxxx RT    hey havent talked to you in forever RT  Got my IT for #LVmkt for  Yeah! Looks like meeting  Founder/Ceo &  hosts in store.  10 days! #worldmarketctr , to indesiiza qq rooupa eeu Vou !!! :P RT  Like I've said many times before. The people that knock me down only make me stronger.  have a good day! Love you guys! //hehee looking at the pictures I took at lunch today and see my fail snail Blue Mountain State :D that fucking white boi line backer is ROFL COPTER hilarious lv both of them 8D RT  interesting *kaya apa wae*  RT lunarasati: excited :D RT fia207: bye jung (cont) big hopes, give you big dreams please please please please please pretty please follow me  x every day you help me follow my dreams I can say Thank YOU Never Say Never, I'm so proud to call Beliebers  I LOVE U!  98 LMAOOO shhhh :P I just ordered some fast food can't wait for that Thanks for the #FF :D hola :p ( live on ...Because it's just your nature What do you think about our trend? Excitedddd for tonighhhttt RT   Amazinggg, Greyson estuvo muy: Im grexy and i know it! :D jijiji ♥ RT  If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM. what happen?  Text me biatch :-) są jakieś tweety co mają dużo RT ? :D Believe Tour To Poland ;) Out to eat with my RT  Only if #FF worked . Thxs for the s/o though people I think it will be about how much you love your fans  and mabye about that I love you so much and I want you to follow me... That made me smile... Janet i From chile and really admire u can you say Something please? make me happy. I love you  #74 that's soooooooo cool!!! Good luck, boo :D yes #VIP all the way!! Those text make me smile nice to be back at bradford #FAC see you soon I'm hellaaa gay , I got all gay ass buttons &amp; braclets . Finna strt wore'n them : ) hope u guys win VideoClash here in toronto just know us canadians love u guys and ur british accent :D ONE DIRECTION!!! Thank you so much! your welcome love!  I think I'm going tomorrow! oh, but that requires leaving the Twitter app :P I much prefer just knowing the words... Haha I love you  RT  I thought it was a one on one but like always they need to call  , she got them hands;) haha! #FF to  just because i love him so much hey I'm allowed to use what we learn to make bad jokes :P but seriously if such an injection existed it would've been awesome Let's Break it Down ! :D _ Nsonic* só de booa ' #musiic,choco,sms's :p i finish at 2.50 but i have my maths exam monday morning so might not go to my maths lesson and then i finish at 12  xxx RT  Mindless Behavior will be on the Jimmy Kimmel show 1/24/12 : ) i am following you and now, i'm waiting for your follow :P Best of luck to everyone in #DirtyDancing !! It's we're brilliant Wednesday!   x Shower timee :D everything for u hun she's a very freaky girl lol let me lick you down to you say stop,let me play with ya body baby make you feel hot, let me do all the things you want me to do lol, yeah when it was crunched you couldnt really see them. & i hope they darken up It's time for Paul Newman&Twilight....He had the bluest eyes ever! doing a strand test, lets keep our fingers crossed :D have enjoyed seeing you here every day this week Bonita hey Alex's girl :-) okayzz!  you better! With   ! RT  #FF Soo excited for the  event at  on the 26th! Gonna meet   and RT  If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM. yay! I got some interesting looks when asking around for them early this morning maffiiiaaaaa  x yoga is truly amazing-focus and stretches the body and mind #teamDarren is bouts to win this! RT  BTIKM is def not falsetto. It's fuckin high! Def tricky.  but it feels so great to wail that out. Cathartic. i'm  :p
Fabregaas En ForceeDesene kurtulduk :D I'm going to drink my calories tonight  (@ RA Sushi Bar Restaurant w/ 5 others)  haha ;) lol yeah! I got paid to eat cheese fries and drink beer today #believetour #believetour #believetour!!!! I just saw your Dad Not exactly. But we always give each other signals during class Thank you for the #FF!  thanks  #ff :D heya!  hope all is good with ya! People, follow my man and the gayest straight man I know,  You'll love him... im sure we will be able to play an evening that week, and we can find a time to come play in lough Well done to the cadet boys who won their game tonight 108 - 36 , well done lads !! :D thank you!! &lt;3 thought so  he is amazing though, he's my fave ;) lol "hoes" is an acceptable word for WWF awwww ok I see how it is. Boooo :P cute  &lt;3 literally the story of my life :-)   ohhhh yeaaah lol :-) wilbert carberry think I'm temperament and taste in French class last year :p I just ran 5.2km in 20 mins and did 20 mins of wii dance fit - and I bloody enjoyed it  not as much effort as ... thanks :P I can listen to this all day   #nathanryanninjas So yeah    were in my hot tub tonight whats DERP hoe !? High five to my kid Omg what happened to my voice. How embarrassing :P Janet i From chile and really admire u can you say Something please? make me happy. I love you  #81 RT  Also #FF RT   did you see what we trended today? When your boyfriend buys you candy  &gt;&gt;&gt; me && Shay :D  #TwitPict Chicago tomorrow...? I think yes  haha 2 WEEKS UNTIL WHAT?? :D Its ma birthday! :D You havent tweeted for a day! Tweet something gud i love you snooks and wish we could party together! I think we would have a blast! :-) ahh wow awesome have a fab time but of course you will :D xx RT  Me and the boys are following everyone that follow   x RT   yep! Best family EVER. Believe tour to poland,Believe tour to italy aww you live an hour away from frankie  im from da pool miss you more !!!!! RT  “ RT “ Check out Kevin  His book is out!! ✨🌟✨ 
 &lt;3 gotcha Birthday in two weeks!  Excited! RT  Having a Follow Spree  Following ALL of  Followers now &lt;== RETWEET this! lol ight  boo stop tellin me what to call u tho ight ? Friday night chillaxing peeerfect :-) Never regret someone you can't go a minute without thinking about.  As in,  &lt;3 RT  Every1 tweeting me about the #BelieveTour I have zero control over it but the man that makes all those decisions is  beg him!! I'm a quick learner fella  what can I say Aww  Should be amazing!! :D Follow back? any new music for me? :p OOPS! :-)  I got it wrong too, but at least it didn't cost me £50k yep, One little brother & you? My ex lives in LA, so I have an open invite to visit ... and a tour guide, should I go ... Follow me ryan? stormy laplante think I'm choleric and sanguine thats good. im grrreat thanks RT  RETWEET If you love and support Louis  #directioners Buy Louis a Boat Also WTB a search function for the guilds forum :p this honey badger doesnt care! :p “ Loving Starbucks with  thanks for the invite OMG!!! HAVE FUN :D Come play our fish game at #pasifika Wellington! We'll be there all day This is my background,, if you cant see all of it Gross! I knew of 1 thru 4 but not the ice bucket/coffee maker thing. I've overly careful when traveling anyway :-) lmao . you the funny one MARCHELL lol you good! But thank you Wallis Simpson is the greatest heel ever. EVER. i have no clue :D &lt;3 Make me your radio and turn me up when you feel low deffo thinking of extentions :D i'm a gene spliced bullfrog or what was it? :D gooooood niiiiiiiiiight &lt;3 follow friday RT  It's friday RT  I'm freaking hungry. Who wants to bring me McDonald's?? RT  The bus ride is the best part of sport trips  #lovethesepeople   rainer erik and Trevor oh my! Takes a lot to keep that sexy body! was isn da :-) tears of joy and family hugs - the most precious moment  3:40 to the end! We have a mutual besftriend .  RT  How yall know each other RT    lol what ? oh hey, nice to meet you too. i'm 15, i live in a small town called seaford and i have 1 brother and 2 sisters  what about you You inspired me to get caught up on "Glee". I am two months behind (fangirl title revoked!)...that is my goal for the week mesa and 5150 heads, orange cabs, and there's a ltd and gibson. me like  wish ( Hi  Lol not everyone RT  && my weekend starts NOW!!! RT   bjs :-) Hey Lauren, when you will be back on Glee? I am waiting for you :Div talking to this just one guy for a while &lt;3 .. and i like him Noooo!!!you have beautiful hair save it one of them is better than the other haha! I love Michael :D hah I knoo! Nessa do you want to hear my track now? welcome  wuts up? maybe we should all just get a taxi and if you don't it doesn't matter :P xxxx “ i think i have the sweetest man ever!!!” hope she talking bout me :p RT  Adam Lambert is kicking my ass!  Help me win! Heyy  #FollowMeAnthony  plzzz have you prepared? if your gonna cheat..I say....cheat like a bandit larry think I'm affright and abhorrence  Done  cheonma RT  AyKyumine boleh minta follback? gomawo my new guitar is COOL :D just bought it in  and i already received it !! I love her :D WOOOW high speed Now you can visit me! :D cool, can't beat that price Nathan's my favorite, then comes Simon and the white girl.. I forgot her name :p I'm just glad school is over so I can relax. This week felt long to me :p follow back goal for the day accomplished! :D 1,099,392 points in Temple Run. Beat that! RT  Okay I'm officially SO excited for  18th birthday party! CANNOT WAIT! :D Shuda took a pic of britney I love this movie : ) If you're following us then you NEED to follow  :D xx  hahahah I hope the same ;) he is very young Morgen stad with boo's blahhhhhhh nahh it's "DAILY EDIT" :D Jaden are you following people back? Cuz if u r can u follow me PLEASE!! one thing Yea!  RT  The waiting&rejections (re. 20 Years Later) were agonising, but ultimately resulted in a better book. #bookmarket You're really pretty  xxx sure! Rted :D Believe tour to poland,BELIEVE TOUR TO ITALY I turn up the music to block out the sound of my house Teveel Hollander blijkbaar :-)  CU alyson think I'm painstaking Quality time together #worthit  #MrCelebUK     i have class but ill be back in an hour! :D it was delicious! Tasted championship worthy  ^KG whaattt that's longggg :(, allow your exam :p lol same here :P i always worry x_x Many Thanks Meera  We knew about  but couldn't find them on social media. We'll call them tomorrow RT  And Elijah is back :D I take my time every minute to love you down LUV IT..THANKS 4od is showing the skins premier, watched it last night Blow-Ke$ha, IYiYi-Cody, Unfriend You-Grey-Chan, Femme Fatale-B.S, Mission Impossible-Tom Cruise, Tomb Raider-A.ngie, Yamaha-Lorenzo_Spies :O RT  Phone about to die. Lemme take you out to eat  And by take you out, I mean I want Bonefish. :D thanks & sorry I was too excited I forgot haha :P RT   lol you good! But thank you just gotta try hard to show gemma that we shouldn't be on the bench :D Sweet surrender,then. RT  RT IF YOU LOVE 'ONE THING' love yaa too  xxx work on a weekend should be illegal!  how about a RT to make me feel better? :-) x yep, you're welcome Find a song with Iona in it! :-) ;-) RT   : ) :p -_- Fox and Peter from Peter Pan... And thank youu  x I ate it like it was a plate of  :-) #BecauseOfYou Im even happier followed And we can't wait to have you as a FiOS customer!  You made a great choice!  :-)  ^kg THANK YOU SO MUCH  Xoxoxoxox couldnt have done it alone! RT   ill be definitely signing up for heart swap :-) RT  now playing at Tapage Nocturne with Emmanuel moisset  you're best man ! thx greet from Indonesian i'm down with that Follow me So the hubs always buys me a bouquet of flowers as soon as the last bouquet dies (so I always have fresh flowers of some sort  ) and I Hey guys please follow my nail art tumblr www.fuckyeahnailart-xo.tumblr.com haven't posted anything yet but just about to start to :-) have you ever seen jersey shore? :-) but yeah, it's just something i say when something happens like that :L RT  make me wanna go ooo oooo ooo when you dance like thaaaat #ThingsICantStand when annoying people talk can i get your follow...? :D Big Momma's house is still a brilliant film!!!  #fb Morning all :D have a nice day ;) Right ! :D RT  He did it first in     &gt;RT  Baister lambasts Insolvency Service at IPA lecture .. remember to check them before though! Or text me now so I already have your number I absolutely loves the clothes that im gonna wear when im with Harry   Thanks! I love your tweets RT  "   well the truth is i'm handsome and you bad so we bothe #Winning" yep KISSES U ON NECK TATTOO:-) omg Howard?! Congratz!!!! So proud of you baby girl  my baby gonna do big things in this life!! How about... You go fuck yourself? im following all three, that bitch gone fall off ctfuu! VERY smart mechanic! They don go out and vote in caucuses/primaries? or his online supporters must b Pakistanis, Iranians and even Palestinians :D imy more smoke that shit I love your tweets! How was town?  x like to give u a good mauling nah, I do too, I don't wanna waste my real money lol thanks tho RT   is a fucking legand, the most bestest person ever! Along with mr keeting! :D xxxxxxxxoxpOxoxooxoxoxox , so just retweet my Tyrone. 

:p There's a few people who have met their partners through twitter - I'm having drinks in Leicester for my birthday :-) haha! Its worthy of a christening! Ill post a pic in a min!  xxx Ayeeeeeeee WAZZUPPP????? I'm Good   Thanks For Asking!!everything's really good  how about you? I miss you! K RT  Oya go slip jor.RT _Teeblinks: Hehe. No ghost busters :p :pRT  Wicked sumbori! (cont) I'm going to buy some pink dye and run it through my hair tomorrow I think :-) it will be I'll be fine  hope you're alright After pray subuh :D RT  RETWEET If you love and support Louis  #directioners Buy Louis a Boat “ ima be listening to  all day , lol . #oneloveeee ” U the best Goin bottom railway now and there is no issues follow my debby ryan blog!!!!  :D Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless  the most amazing tour ever... Will sell out so quickly! She Takinq My Phone Up For A Week. OKAY COOH RT   oops  funny story . . i thought i send that last message but it was actually you lmaoo I'm In LittleRock Tryin Use A RUBBER Tonight 
#Webbie In the car YES it's a must Haha, I caught that onee! Hi ... I Can Not Begin I Love You Follow Me Please Have #hunterfever #HunterMadness . Chile I Love You And Me :D 23 “Ahí veo Grey`s Anatomy.”  ROFL    Vía Reddit :D RT         Thanx for the #ff's  x x x Okay, my number 07967859597  ( live on New music, new choreography, new tour, and new memoriers; Believe Tour is going to be flawless  i love u justin &lt;3  #LOVE Have you written your next amazing imagine yet? Bet.. U gonna pay me O  :P :P  i'll teach u..:D RT  LOL.... I dunno hw 2 dance ☹ MissAbdulai: oh why?.. RT  When Im in the car and a sad song comes on the radio, I stare out the window and act like im in a movie. :D it's a unopened tub you ungrateful bint !!!!! :-) “ Sooo #BecauseOf  I'm bout to po this glass of henn 😁 lls”  glad to assist!! Finally on that iPhone level #FF Eating the rest of my chinese food n watching my wife N kids RT  && my weekend starts NOW!!! RT  I approve of this list! :D Is Stalking Cute Cats on the Internet Your Favorite Pastime? Ours, Too!  via Yay!!!!!! So we on for Saturday? O.o If not I totally understand RT   should call me  I'm more of a kirk fan honestly, but romeo is a looker! , so try too CUFF us .. & we`ll COFFIN ya Hey  Italy loves Demi Lovato, &lt;3 watch this   italy wants Demi Lovato! &lt;3 please RT 5 So busy these past few days I didn't get to complete 21 questions with you! Would you like to continue?  &lt;3 Shopping with mommy :D Happy BDay Shor aww thank you hun :D gonna write a few more in the next few days  x Tonights the night!!!  Hope it all goes well! (Fingers crossed) !!! Haha.. She Made Me Smile!  I'm The Winner Hun! First Place!! :DD magnolia think I'm dissipated I'm hitting these notes g&#39;nite hi your so amazing!!!!  it must be so fun working with  alll the time!!!  i love her alright  is it okay if I do it when I get home? Cleaning My Room :'( Did it have 'i' on the register? :D RT  Every1 tweeting me about the #BelieveTour I have zero control over it but the man that makes all those decisions is  beg him!! If you ever have any im babysitting :D lmfao they need to climb the bb building and dive off it!  X lol was a question i answered  x RT  Sopa is dead? Awesome! We made it Yez  Matt Wright and I are too happy. hey So I didnt feel like spending $32 for peach Ciroc 2 drink by myself so I opted 4 pear Smirnoff instead! Im more in the mood 4 pear anyway :D Romney support collapsing after Palin states she would vote Gingrich. Romney down 7% in 6 days, Gingrich up 7% in 6 days.  yep, sold him for 32k so made 7k Making supper with  and  Hawaiian pizza and Caesar salad RT   yeah I never bully you it's fine.  LOOOL SHOW ME ON THE BUS MONDAY. Can't wait to see this xD I'm doing great.  thank u for asking. Ur so nice application want through already :-) just ignore it on the website :-) xx YES his profile picture is a penis  I've had quite a few of them follow me. Think I prefer an egg :/. Good afternoon or is it evening?  Thanks for the #FF Miss u too baby  RT  I miss     ..... I want to be in Cape Town! Right now!!! my 2hr nap that doubled &gt;  but now i gotta rush my wrkouut .. Leaving me alone in your room on your bed is probably not a good idea.. #fallingasleep tuyet think I'm demoralizing and enfeebling I'm not full on sick yet, hoping it doesn't get that way. Thanks awesome thankyou :D i will get a tickets when i get paid :D Those moments where you're prepared to pay a high price.. But when they ring it up it's way less.. #ItsTheLittleThings you of course :D harris think I'm vague and indistinct Lol ready go on a hoeing spree :P posso ser pra vc nee amor mais pra min eu nao sou nao :D wtf is nasri on? :D KNOBHEAD, if he did go for trophies why didnt he go to utd, much bigger club n much more chance to win CUNT Yay :D could d/l themes, sbsettings, bitesms is a must have, uafaker, zephyr,copic & callbar is pretty good too! U put in the work to make a Billion Wicked Karaoke Vids, if u want, send me a YT link of ur Favorite  song, Ill post it up :-) IHope My Cousin Still Have A Good Birthday :D Fck The Snow ! #AllBall . Lol . That's good. I'm here anytime A Big Fuck You Goes To The Mfs Who UnFollow Me Safe flight yaa       always protect us! :D I can't see the Madlibs story! Mustn't be looking properly! :P &lt;3 You just made my day, thank you! :D /sighs in relief/ Phew! /and gets out of from under the desk/ ( I must go sleep now! Good night~! I'll reply tomorrow! :D ) You know that everyday i give shoutouts, but now, i will include you in my #FF, so retweet my NEXT tweet, i you want!  ♥ I miss improvising. Anyone have a team I can sit in with? Let me know. Thanks isso isso oh IC Shannon Leto and Antoine Becks have their own site Heey do you wanna hotdog Hahahaha  #loveyacuzzooo :D okayyy :-) see you then xxx RT   no you are :-) Homee Alonee btw, these reply where lauren  hahaa, i dont think he'll know what your talking about. would you like me to text him it?Thx for the mention Sam #BecauseOfYou I am who I am!  X RT  The best relationship are when you can lay with each other and just talk about anything and everything O remeber im the "childish" one lol mmk .. I got the man in th end so idgaf RT   ewww:/
Ahhh jc chilling dooing nothing.... For now Lool :p
R u doing better in history? yaaay!  he's a beaut haha! I loved Howson, but now he's gone :( xx your not wrong ha ha I'm good missing you lot hope your all ok  x RT  you don't need a perfect relationship, you just need someone who won't give up on you hahahha I can still taste the pho :D I dunno maybeeee.... Why? Are there going to be paulbags? playing the keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, playing the keyboard, keyboard, keyboard  in a more than happy zone! Imma learn, lead me to theC Chinese for tea :-) mmm x you nearly did! And me and milo single handedly destroyed you, even callum did! And good  ill hold you to that What the what?  RT  “ WHEN  STOP IT WITH THIS BIZARRE FOOD THING! AND MAKE NEW DIE HARD MOVIE!?” RT   pleaseeplease  &lt;3 follow back pls?? My girlfriend is amazing.  #CuteAsFuck Omg Coach  Carter is on follow back? My Outfit Today No last week my lovely ohh that's a good one! Did she reply, just out of curiosity?  xx thats cool hHa yeah you do !! Pleaseeee folloooow me! :D followed her My baby brought me a cookie :-) Haha, yeah. :P xoxo thats my second name RT  #FF this man  his tweets are legit .. plus he gave me my first #ff of today! RT  *happiest am I when surrounded by props*m how I love preparing for tour. Don't judge me, I was born this wayysss Still not sleeping, and I have a match tomorrow !! you could tweet but you can't answer my texts , ok I see :p RT  got the keys to my new apartment!ahhh I'm so excited :D &lt;-- happy for you ! Enjoy your weekend away, Happy 30th Vicky  xx tweet tweet xx i think its time to follow some of ur beliebers.im here justin Aww, thanks deedee! But if you guys finish it, I don't mind Illll be waiting  RT  Imma txt oomf this weekend , its much needed .. time to fix things ! Thurso :p haha wouldn't matter for me... i haven't had any caffeine since october and I should all do TLC's 4Weddings.. We all know who WOULDN'T win THANK YOU  RT  I'm in love with these girls  ,  , and RT  Every1 tweeting me about the #BelieveTour I have zero control over it but the man that makes all those decisions is  beg him!! thanks for the #FF! russ yoshizawa think I'm available I really love you, you are my inspiration please follow me back.  &lt;333333 272 i won't. i'm off to bed now. follow back RT  #FF       x I agree wholeheartedly, thanks Drico So he mite be spending the night with me till sunday. My Computer Begining To Work I LOVE GIBBS  #NCIS actually i love em all :D mcgee looks better fatter though One more person follow  for me please #nf  follow back : ) Hesseca's here! RT  Like I've said many times before. The people that knock me down only make me stronger.  have a good day! Love you guys!  welcome oooh congrats maria  takecare ! Game with  later  Woo JEDWARD mentioned youve been follwed #FF RT   Hey, I noticed you haven't signed in to #Favstar. Take a look, you'll love it! :-) RT  proceed to party, motorsports w/ Dear  : i think is time for you to know about my existence. Sincerely, Me Thanks for the #FF! Good morning !!! YOU DOPE !!! WOSH CONGRATSS THAT'S AMAZING ! A LOT OF TALENT THERE please follow me?!  it would mean a lot to me Makingg Shrimp  #ilove seafood ♥ check out cover of Broken Open Follow me please? it will mean the absolute world to me  #TrueLittleMixer xxxxxxx my best friend new phone case I picked out didn't think about that, that's quite disturbing actually  haha thanks Good night then!  xx. Just had the best nap ever. #sogood #chillfriday   . Thanks you're welcome Shaniece baby are u willing to a friend a favor RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless, and I hope I'll get to be there come here :D

#80degreesatthemoment #tonsofmountainstoo donnell think I'm hallowed I stay flirting with #oomf I doubt if they know #nw cars  i havent actually seen this WHOLE movie -_- way ahead of ya girl haha :D I'm way behind on take me out! Damn beautiful pause TV! Xx Now watching the basketball game.  vs. #LAKERs. :D EEEEPPP! *CELEBRATES* Please follow me? :D ohh ahah i get it  wtv, even if they take a pic tomorrow, ill still cry!! ;p  RT  ( ˘͡ -˘͡)  RT" Invite gue a' 2100000A RT  Done  RT"  Aa ewin re-invite pin gua no problem.. just doing my duties :p ... lool.. duty Yu owe me... remember that Loved that #hustle episode! Was amazin' :DYes! We leave Sunday. :-) Gute Nacht :-) hope you feel better #nowfollowing back  #ff thanks for the follow  x lorina keifer think I'm plainness and severity both happy birthdayyyy  love you sisterrrrr “  Lool 7lowh mobe 
3yl a5the hathe &gt;&gt;ana a5of a5of a5of bro7e a5of anam” kaaaaak 7lwaa 7lwaa :p “  alright i got you!!” - FORREAL.??? Okayyyyyy :D RT  Congrats to  n  for winning the award for best educational/instructional show! RT  I'm in love with these girls  ,  , and I have a nice picture of you napping LOL Good morning ce  hv a nice day Oh my god, that's right! Hooray for jokingly perverted tweets that have a ring of truth to them :P Nap time! Then going out after a hard day of school work! Next week's assignments are done! cool! extend my regard to him  i'm good dear. just finish all the creepy test that freak me out for 2 weeks! lol I can't man :P dude already tossed them to someone damon tardie think I'm imbitter and exasperate Awww same :') well for a long long time anyway :P “I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence :D " VICTORIOUS IS AMAZING!! :D Lol ok chill about! Come bottom railway!  its for hannahs birthday   x Well i gotta sign up for it first but yeah  it would be like if my mom is home during the week or any weekend your free &lt;3 =D I just logged into twitter and just found out that I got the new version of it looks pretty nice and cool and little different but cool Glad you like it for that. Thanks! I hear an album name there......Attitude & Honesty. ohh okay sister I be up there did you fix your toes? Hehe  #toofunny RT  Judi from bgc will be at  tonight! Will you? RT  Love these vote 1D pics people have thank you guys I Love Them For This Hello world... Welcome to my first blog post ever!   via I am proud to be your 1st follower lool :P RT  My New Tattoo... On My Married Ring Finger.  #ItsReal 111706 ♥ Thanks for the big middle finger Haley love you too. :D have a good night  ... lol....now can I have a free phone? worth a try :P youre just mad you arent as cool as me. tbf I don't just win stuff, I test them too :-) awesome! See u soon nevs welcome ! : ) would u follow me? that would make my day 10000000x better :D So glad to be off work tomorrow and spend the day with Leanna and hopfully ALL DAY and NIGHT with colton  trying to get him to stay tonite been a busy week here too! Looking forward to a good walk tomorrow morning to clear the head ahhhh sunshine  memories &lt;3 loveeeeee you dos! I felt so special when mrs.Alvarez hugged me I can fall asleep knowin that tonight you'll be here with me New music, new choreography, new tour, and new memoriers; Believe Tour is going to be flawless  i love u justin &lt;3 2 @ one of his concerts in ny lol last year :P :D Everyone just get outta my way! This video never fails to make me laugh!   via It would make my night if you followed me?  #mixersalltheway prontinho :D ... This is why you're amazing :-) thank you !! RT or follow a fellow shields girl please? I would seriously question that. lol.  My cats are little gangsters. Nvm, its working : ) Juste beaaaaau! From my laptop to my computer, it sucks i couldn't finish the fanfic... It was soo romantic :D I miss my baby cakes  || I miss you too. Have fun & hurry up back to me. `leticia here lmfao Alright, great looool alright shweety My sister  gives the most awesome hugs ever!! I love her lots and lots  hehe xx RT   good times. RT  I remember when germika was my bestfriend lol agh now I want some ive been craving so much  &lt;3 there too after the show My day was great : ) always doing something positive I luv it i was gonna throw in #BecauseShesAVeryFreakyGirl too but i didn't have room There they are!!!! Two of the sexiest ladies on twitter :-) . What's up? Ang a bad influence?  Definitely :D i NEED GUAVA. and  tickets for March 3.  #tradeitformylife #iminvincible Hi ... I Can Not Begin I Love You Follow Me Please Have #hunterfever #HunterMadness . Chile I Love You And Me :D 32 Sibby love wiener  &lt; yum. GET IN ME NOOOWWWWW RT  I have to save money now to have my tattoo, too much voting AARGGG but it will come anyway Curlies are forever Thankyou  #BecauseOfYou i sleep with a smile on my face and mom and i are crying  so yeah. thanks  You're an Angel grab your Halo!! alittle, i'm trying now , and watching padam padam too, ep 9 now  , like it &lt;3 I agree   would have amazing to be in the room listening to it  x No ways, Zach Galifianakis is for me!!  ♡ ☑ dude, imma wait for you :D I must get another tattoo next week  hope the check is nice 💰💰💰💰💉 Good grief, N&S was brutal! Talk about holding it out for the very last damn minute! luvin my new kolor  ya baby !!!!! Red-y for a pedi Inbetweeners Movie is just such a good movie! Never get bored of watching it :D #inbetweenersmovie Going to the game to see  hoop scotty think I'm inconvenient RT  Adam Lambert is kicking my ass!  Help me win! ITS FRIDAY !!!!! Ill do #FF  tonight Can someone suggest some good films please? RT  I'm in love with these girls  ,  , and Wow 20 followers thank you!hi Cian i play my first ireland exiles match in feb will be hookin along side u one day i hope :D !!!, HOWS TRAINING GOING Im addicted to doing up dos.  lol any UK info please  follow back please :} #Luna is the frikkin best! Hehe aww I'm properly goina sleep now  but that's so nice letters sound fun! see you in a week!xx ofcourse I don't mind  just showing my love for you and the rest of the band! holaaaaaaaaaa volvi a twitter :D manchesterrr vs laceyyy game witt myy besttt RT  its friday. I ain't got no job. I ain't got shit to do. so tonight ima fucked uppp im doing great  hbu? o btw tinychat 2night? ah fair play  do make sure to watch it at some stage though :D RT  NEW VIDEO MESSAGE ALERT! Please watch and retweet it   #VoteDynamoForNTAS Me & Her Can Talk About Anything :-) Madd fuggin love to all the new followers  Kush kissesss 😘💨 RT   One Thing  xx Everything is purple... Swagg... Swagg swaaggg yeeeaaa Ready for the concert tonight. Hollllaaaa. What would you say your vocal range is? Soprano & Tenor? What was your other suggestion? Yeah sure Nf  back : ) Met Mr.Bolton Today. Off work :-) So people of twitter I've got a joke for you. Why is Santa's sack so big.....because he only cums once a year. LOL thts actually soo jks :D ( unless they're torrented :D \☺/ RT  Saw Mesh_ish today! haha you're welcome Yesss me too :D it describes what i feel right now :9 awwwww that's nice hahahaah :D &lt;3 hehe thanks for replying  x nice anon :D i wish we always had one xD haha you should cone see my puppies :D RT  RT  Please help my Love's Mom beat cancer thank you    via RT  RT IF YOU FOLLOWED  SO I CAN FOLLOW YOU  follow back?? OMG are you brown?! Ahh so am I :D xxxxxx Lol omg I know part of the reason why I love him! Our handsome brown boy &lt;3 RT  Walter panas competition kiyoko think I'm influence and authority 0000 RT  Selena Helps the World  she sure does! i love you fernando froneberger think I'm sold-out The Alberto's by the mills is open! :D yessss RT  “ AYYEEE ! RT  WE LIKE TO PARRRTAYYYYY ♥” lmbo #ff  :D just cuhs I love her  feel special baaaaby  do you guys want to go out to eat once I get off work? say yes dear snow: NO! i must go see  tomorrow  can't wait! aww! I wasn't expecting something that sweet, thanks beautiful  ♥ Then they can go buy the tri stuff and avoid the UCI like the plague amazing! Ryan Lewis Davies, you are my Hero! :D showoff :P hey boo i know u may be madd at me but I LOVE YOU!!!!! NEVER STOPPED LOVING YOU When you bring hot cheetos and everyone begs and sucks up to you just cos they want some of em :P -there's never a bad time for ice cream! Yes , only 1 more hr. :D ! thank youu :D &lt;3 RT if you're in the studio or at the crib making some heat for me  Awww!! Soon baby! :* :D RT  Yes ^.^..can't wait to see u :D RT  Awwww!!! My lover  misses me! :D :$ i see you ! :p Guess who got tickets for united vs Liverpool 11th Feb perm league thanks for the #ff “ Its a girl   Aaawwhhh !!!! you have me, I'm old "   LOOOOL ! U lot r maaad.. :P haha.. You lot have fun thoe girlies xx"« heheh we will babes xx lol I don't hike. followed I see you like Greyson Chance  I only know his song Unfriend you or something like that. it's cool i like it cant wait to be roomies togetherrrr  #lol &lt;3 #believeitornot There's just ONE Carl's Jr. in Houston :$ so close from my home :P SOPA & PIPA were thrown out. Today just got slightly better. Hate Wen Ppl Say I Look Too Good For Them Or Snotty #GTFO I Am A Nice Person I'm very excited for #believe album :D wanna follow me? #100fansaday youu will :D ^-^ Yuchona~have a lovely day♪looking forward to new drama : ) thanks professor Lambert school is now in session!
Awesome :-) RT  RT: #Supernatural & #SPNFamily.. we are going to trend Happy Birthday Dean Winchester on January 24th. Hopefully I get to see  and tonight True :-) RT  Brenda doesnt fuck with my emotions. lol I love that RT  RT: #Supernatural & #SPNFamily.. we are going to trend Happy Birthday Dean Winchester on January 24th. I juset sent the email to her again thank you for this great oppurtunity i look forward to working with you I know so sad I'll have to find summet else,tv crap lately lol :D sesion de fotos moulin Rouge Coming Soon follow back ? thanks Out of the 118,712 views of the Video Diary, I'd say I viewed it 118,000 times :D #willnevergettiredofit #Funny RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D Hope so RT   Thanks beautifulll Bwahahaha, fair enough, you need some compensation Boring Boring the old man is snoring Waiting For My Chinese :D RT   followed back Yess my highscorce of temple run wasnt deleted when i updated my ipad RT   like i didnt know... lol. :P U WRITE HER NAME ON THE BUS FOR NO REASON. LOL. I really love you, you are my inspiration please follow me back.  &lt;333333 287 NEVER SAY NEVER Honey Thanks! booty call is jooooookes, am jus waiting for this chicken then am nice, n pass me some green come to Auburn tonight and I will show them to youor mr g was giving them out I really hope to know you opinion its matter and retweet if you like  pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease :D damn, just wanted to watch it now :-) thank goodness!! :-) come have some than Oh, yeah that's right  Fandom fun at its best, not. Still interesting though, one should make a study Not okay Haha  RT  Im tired of my black friends.!! Im tradin yu bitches in yo Kendall. QUACK thanks  There were doubters "you're wearing that hat on the show?!?" Heyy, Please Follow  and Check out this Video because ferrari's are shite :P hahaa, ik! they talked to me bout it like 4 days agoo  im thinkin a cruise!! DeAnna Go snatch My Headphones out my ear talking bout im Mad I Gotta Pee Im LIKE Wtf did I DO LOl : ) when as soon as i got home i did half of the notecards for science.   proud of me?  i actually plan on doing the rest me n my fav on our way to class earlier some really cool ideas coming in! RT  Miley Runs The World, everyone LOVES Miley uses this tag follow me luv -__- " Smh" Lool...b4 nko :D :D "   i noe dunmola wee shine teeth naw""" right lol :D Looking forward to my 40 mile bike ride in the morning nah your fine. You can stay :D totally agree with you there holly Hopefully I get to see my big head boyfriend tonight I'm right here  RT  I'm Goin Thru A lot And Where The Fuck You At????? du cassoulet a 23h ? hope you have an amazing time with your adorable date!  I love you so much, you look so beautiful!!!!!!! RT  Un petit vote ???  (HITS RADIO FIL - Voter pour 500 points) These Lovely People! »        ♥ Thank you...you'll get there one day! :-) On the phone with  He is cracking me up but being a nerd can be a good thing Layin in my bed watchin a movie txtin  & talkin sh*t with Haha I saw it & I had to make an attempt, I was seriousl scared though. Ahh yes! I feel so special now. RT   hola!! :-) --&gt; kingedgetheawesome asked: FMK: Wade Barrett, Drew McIntyre and Sheamus. Let’s hear it for accents RT  Good morning | Guten Morgen  Keep your smile for new day okey ! Have a nice day lol calm down *gives you a lollipop* I'm boss me :D how'a you my ESSEXX ;) xXx Massive thanl yah! you got the job? :D  lizzette think I'm inarticulate and confused thank you twifey they're so cute  and I'm joining you and  in the pregnant-exhausted-toddle-chasing-etsy seller department -Its always a pillow on my bed that smell just like Joel... Kinda like he's laying next to me.. No problem dear! :D &lt;3 Shopped all day, now out with my loved ones! Rolllll on tonight! Follow back? I fancy you so much. Please tweet me! You didn't deserve to go. Your fit and Georgia didn't deserve you anyway! I DOOOO  X Jealously is a diseaseee...get well soonnn bitch! :P i'm going to move to canada when i'm twenty cus that sounds good me and 1 other girl from my school got nominated to go, not sure why :/ we didn't have to pay or anything though  xx Which new video?  x MIKEY :-) Please follow me?(: waiting for food straving and very tried :-) What was the first Marilyn Monroe film you saw #Marilynettes? My first was "The Misfits", courtesy of  :-) yayyy  ummm i have poms till 12 so anytime after? Idc where! Relationship talks with  , she gives good advice :D Random road trips are the best :-) Yeah the one who was bald in one episode :p ;; shut up.dats why i hate late night naps .now bye before i be stuck up ! :p RT  #FF and my white girls haha I mentioned some people twice lmao. And I'm sorry if I forgot anybody. I was writing those in between the commercials of Whose Line :P RT  i wannt to visit a nudist beach. I have to say I get entirely too much joy from  twitter account  Very excited for Idiot Abroad 2! np! Thanks for the follow you sha want to show yourself :p Now you can put it in your ears. hehe its all good just a crazy thought ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?!  so funny! Is Sara Evans A Spanker?!  via  Sara Evans rocks :D امين 
Save flight I know exactly what you mean. Lush :-) okay so its 5:01 here. It will be 8 PM their The fact that a school bus can only get up to 57 mph... Gives me a goood chuckle! UW   Thanks went really well. Muda knew exactly what he wanted so we were able to speed through it in a couple of hours shoveling for daddy, hope he's suprised when he comes home :D Can't wait to be cuddly in my bed mmh Hmmm, what's that saying?................ You can polish a turd but it's still a turd? :P hope the barber does a good job cause your  a cutie Ooc: RACHEL SAYS YES! My day just officially got better  I can't wait to see the scene where Finn meets Rachel's dads for the first time! Heey Jerm! I missssssss you! and if you have time, watch this:  it's hilarious! hahaah Wanna show you how much you got yo girl feelin good I don't know what he's done for you but God been good to me Everything goes good with poppeyes where my S/O :-) RT   Perhaps because HL is an international treasure :P :D i need a hardcore shot! That what i need RT  RT if u love Justin's voice: ✔ Justin's hair: ✔ Justin's shoes: ✔ Justin's eyes: ✔ Justin's style: ✔ Justin's lips: ✔ [i follow back] it's all about cookie dough voting to save u luv, u or romeo to win  xxxxx mwha wow... Rou7aw moutaw ethnainkum :p 2 snack wraps, a medium fry, a lrge frutopia, and& cinnamon melts would be love right now Hopefully picking my new phone up sunday we had this conversation at the time, I think it was a mix up. But I did get yours Are you ready for the weekend?  Photo: "Ready for the weekend"  #TheRoyalIslander RT  I love using big words to sound smart... oh .. uh.. i mean I mean utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence.  :D thank youMe too RT  Thank You All 4 your wishes this special day 4me, I LoveU #HappyBirthday2Me Don't see no reason not to  RT  You heard her. RT  Trust Toby #alamw12 Don't be frantic around me.. I may not hesitate to elbow in the face. You have been warned I had a good day lmao ! your tight for that one S/o To The One In Only  Tweets Be On Point I Wait To Get Where She's At On Twitter You got a medusa tatt? Dude, we haven't talked in forever! I've moved -again- since we talked! Haha! Show me the tatt! #Ff my beautifullll cousins   &  &lt;3 RT  RT to be Liam's girlfriend in my fanfic.! -- Charley I got the box set and there's a signed poster with that, plus they signed my AOKAD lyric book  x #TEAMFOLLOWBACK #FF FOLLOW FOR A S/O : ) Correction. You are a CUTE nerd :P RT  #ff RT  After seeing  new photoshoot, I'm already planning a new twitter background. Those pics are amazing Goooddd luckkkk  wish i could be theree and see you i havnt in foreverr &lt;3 Obvvss I no all the lyrics to their songs :p is a fundamental constituent of matter observed in 1968 from deep elastic scatter I see that now lol but no reason just thought you might have FELL OFF THE FACE OF THE EARTH or something but thats all  lol Birthdays In 2 Dayyyys  #PressedTweet Follow back : ) I'm looking for participants in a study on image culture & instagram - learn more here!  Please RT its my birthday  any chance I can get a tweet? Xxx Aii Cc den RT " :D cmon na RT  lil_boxes ℓ☺ℓ yea ryt" RT  I love being around friendly positive people a city a NW would be nice LIKE FOR A SHOUTOUT :D thank god she's not yours, you'd learn nothing, just ramble on about jewellery all lesson :P SUBSTITUUUUUTE ! ) Very kind, professional and ....young! Contract will be signed very soon yey !  ah it won't xx Ahhh okey then :D you'll need that to trim the video ^^ it will go flawlessly so don't even fret! Happy Birthday Too My Baby Brother ' He Turned 4 Years Old Today ' I Swear I Love That Lil Boy LOL! waaamp wamp RT  I had a dream &  was in it, I guess we're even hahahahaha how will we keep
d girls away :-) #Adamoldercutebro Ms. Joy looks nice today. :D day 20.. someone you love.. gregory  #janphotoaday and if you try to not give a shit you feel even more shit. But how would the world be if nobody did care? Hang in there :-) honestly I think we are. We gone be good though. Keep your head up It's amazing how your heart feels when somebody is just nice to you. Changing lives one day at a time .. I'm giewd mayne..awayu sir :D RT   lol...wassup maa'm lOl right right your welcome playing some good online with Ryan  :-) thanks for the #ff !! :D :D Yesss I Am. cheers to the freakin' weekend!! #hellyessss! LOL! I understand. It's probably been over ten years for me. I just remember my initial impression Haha, Jealous? &gt;:] Do you play any instruments?  I hope so! RT  We're gonna call 3 lucky fans! Want us to call you? Follow  and RT this! YES, I'm totally getting a phone 'cos that tweet was CLEARLY a joke :D ...wait RT   that was a "I miss tailgating" tweet  #FightOn RT  BWW tomorrow w/  & you have a choice, Leonardo, Donatello, Michaelanglo or Rapheal a wee su a merry xmas , a wee su a merry xmas, a wee su a merry xmas , an a happy new yeear RT  Every1 tweeting me about the #BelieveTour I have zero control over it but the man that makes all those decisions is  beg him!! 7lwa el estslam lazm ykon more7 dy awi , chapeau  and i will isa RT  Dear Ex , 
FUCK YOU : )
Sincerly , The Person You Took For Granted how's ur day going  did u figure out how ur business gonna go? Ur money plan? Lol Yeah maybe and it is for charity so who knows It's suppose to snow today & tomorrow  . I hope it sticks "  Happy Birthday!" Thank you! RT   i gladdd you know Well uhhh, smart clothes? I dunno :P Listening to Tony dize and Chilling with the friends !! my dog? Yes he is! Haha #ImSexyandIKnowIt :p Thank you - spending the rest of my day with my big brother & nephew  #LoveThemBoth ! Hope to learn crochet in March  Not sure a hook would have helped tho - knew I'd dropped a stitch, just not how to fix it can't wait to play with Gus (and YOU) next week. Pour toi tarah :p -with          and ME!!   CrazyDay-_- next weekend Este es mi #tweet3000 wi, too excited :D hahah kk got me going :P thank you so much :D S/O to  for being there for me 24/7 :-) OMFG I get my phone next week  4 days left succes alvast! Hahaha :D I did too probably. i just never practice. That's why I'm better at the trombone. lol I like it more. :D  Omg  I love you so much . You need to come to NY don't move I like our living arrangements :p easier in the #zombieapocolypse hey will u be doing a new victorious??  x  Have Fun Tweet: Find The argus apocraphex Please RT  gonnah workout out today But you shouldn't! Don't think about the bad things, think about the good hahhahaha Thanks, I guess. haha and thank you again, good luck with yours too Ok  Did you hear about KS? I am more worried now :( Goodnight everyone Aye, follow me on Tumblr and I'll follow back You can get the beer at Publix, not the pizza.  Completely different. :P RIGHTHEREE  Lls just call me :D S/o to my new follower I got some medication right now  I'll be okay!ahhhh i c! like, as in, im a role model yeah! aaahaaha  anyways i have to go byee je taimmme tellement &lt;3 loool let's go half on green then ??  and lool booty calls is funnnnaaayyyy lmao they are in Manchester The beach was fucking amazing today Its cold & raining!! Yup its cuddlin time as SOON as I get to  house  #winning RT  So, I am single, but I do have a valentine this year and it's   &lt;3 yep trust me, it's a freakin' jungle
and I know you used to be an sfsian msh ghabia ya ghazghaz :D Bleeeuuurgh eaten too much! Love a chilled friday night with a good film and strongbow Well at least your up! RT  I did not think I was gone make it through this week, bt thank god I did :-) “ Worlds Craziest Fools. Amongst the best tv shows ever!” Yes 'Tis :-) At least you got the way you wanted. RT  Soy Belieber por Justin, no por su novia lakia panrell think I'm 109. Corroborated thanks gorgeous! Hey could you RT the tweets in my favourites please would mean everything  x Follow me and my 30th follower will receive a price!!!!!  I &lt;3 you guys dont mind, i love it when you stuck on a topic & tweet a lot about it :D lol meant hun 13, aw but your Sweden aren't you? :-) They're having a Swedish tour are they? haha my bad! there's not enough to describe how good it is Hahah! LUCKYYY~ come back in one piece! :D Shaaauuuuu RT  Sweet! Getting more customers man, hilal has a sexxxxx watch. What are you saying?! :P Can't wait until after work tonight : ) Ha ha! Were they real?? Yay made it just in time! Got my vanilla diet coke :D 
#whatsreallygood RT  Who won't love   he a dammm sweetheart  love him&lt;3 and I don't care what anyone one says  I love like crazy as friends Yes sir I am! :P I do my private gigs on weekends and I work for Juice and get busy promo too hahaha! :P I really have the best boyfriend ever :-) Thanks for the follow  Followed you back. Thank you to all who are partaking in our Little Survey  Cant wait to see who else answers my request  ....... feels like a good day "you cant tell me, that if we were together for 2years, and i asked you to marry me, youd say no" "id say yes!" :D hahahahahaha(: ok I'll be on msn in a tick hehe kk RT  If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM. RT  :D of course  you can ! xx oh! I thought you were about to start supplying me with random words. Just shows why surreal humour often surrounds me! Ta “  i'm doing pretty fucking awesome”• awww that's good RT  #rough&rowdy. sorry was a joke obviously I hope not a crass one ...is tipsy :-) xx T Moneeyyyyy &lt;3 :D I've been okay.  my stomach is getting worse :( maybe 2% of the time Thanks Jared Not drank in 2 weeks and 1 day so tomorrow night im making up for 2 weeks of drinking :D #fistpump #Micaelas13thbday #wewillneverbe22 We need to see that ass  and possibly some breasts. #asstasstic RT if you agree woww looking lovely as ever tonight on SSN - I love you  ! You've ALWAYS been there when I needed you #Mahomies its friday guess what that means! :D #AUSTREAM ♥ Haha not everyone can carry that look off  Thought only Abbie could tbh! Doesnt she have twitter as well I kno it's a bit late but I'm a woman of her word, So I'm gonna do sum #FF 'S.. Az I really can't be arsed I shall group ya'll up :D FOLLOW BACK PLEASE :D RT   thanks and hugs for the #ff  love your etsy shop!! Got my flight tickets, bag is checked. Already a little bit closer to you So cool! Congrats! :-) , gimme a song & i`ll listen too it : ) yayyy!!!!!!!! I just seen Geo  lmao In order Caleb, Nathan, Matthew and Jared! :D Aw I'm in suchhh a good mood  excited for the weekend! Verse of the day is Isaiah 64:8 that is all :-) i followed back love مرسال لحبيبتى :D RT   following back! now following Lmfaao why I gotta be that for :/ & everythings going  good good great :D wbu ? thanks and likewise Damn can't work on homework because I keep thinking about you. Fuck :P 
PS 
I love you!!(: RT   FOLLOW BACK PLEASE k nappy time , later tweeples The last song  wish  was here to lounge around with me #tearjerker does this mean you're treating?! thnks  yh it is lol i wouldnt mind cumin down 2 london 2 watch dem but i prob get lost besides ma mates r not arsenal fans :( I showed u I love u now return the love by following  :D lmfbo well I tried :-) I only have 23 contacts now . Who tryna text me ? :D :D lol you did when you went on Stickam!  &lt;33 I'm glad it made it to you! :P I will keep in touch while I'm gone! &lt;3 Looking forward to the game tomorrow :D Quiero que digan las fechas ya  Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless &lt;3 RT  i'm following and listing the next 150 people that follow   RT if you did & i'll FOLLOW YOU Waiting for my cousin I feel like going running in the rain right now.. :D I'd sooo dance the Chicken with  :P #NewGirl #FF  Top guy, give him a follow. Will be listening to you on RTV tomorrow Thanks God its Saturday RT  #ff  my twinn , she's funnny & niceeee / prettty folllow her meh makes no difference to me :-) oooh! She's so pretty! RT  20 more go follow  for a SHOUTOUT :D ah okay  I will bring it in on monday ) #FF  - Gracias Chile, saludos! lololol okay okay , thanks Double your pleasure , double your fun and dance forever #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK nah kik's too mainstream for me :-) x u said that you follow each day 100 beliebers :D PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND  WE LOVE U SO MUCH :D We wait since 2009:(15#FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK you best be back on monday Here's where the Vixens will be next! 
1/26/12 9pm! look for pink tutus! 4:03 ( Central Time in the US ) Sunset at out place You Welcome Tahniyaaa Girlahh love your tweets!!! They ABSOLUTELY make my day EVERY day Good night #Spiritique &  lovers  Don't forget to keep supporting►  & spread the word► #LiveFeed. GBY all All dat squatin nd I'm still 1cm lol it's cool tho.. Now waitin on KB wit ma cheese steak Hey Madison!! :D RT  #FF It izzz finally the weekend!!  My YT channel For those new followers :D ♥ RT  Coolest smiley ever! ---&gt; RT  ☺--(o̴̴̴͡.Ơ̴̴̴̴͡)--☺ ♥ RT  Thanks love! Stay an amazing soul you are!☺ RT Most of the cars will go in parallel till 100Km, after that you will notice some are fall back :P Tweet-a-holic today lol how i about i step you down to boo ? Yea. Boo naah.....COD then Skype :p watching youtube videos and tumblrin :D ♥ damn! It is going to hard to handle you there. It's easier here. :D that is frickin awesome  same here my obsession is over the limit... dagny siddons think I'm indirectly and unconsciously Today was good RT   Sureee. . :P I got a coupon for free dinner at The Quill for 2 from getting a 100 or better on my Baking final last semester  I see a date in my future Ring shopping today put a :-) smile on ma face 9992 27 76 73  quiqe RT  Finnish Emma Awards tonight - Adam and Sauli won a Shadow Emma Award for Romance of the Year :D  #Bertland Now my day will be great :D not even  how was bible study Yay! Such exciting news  Looking forward to following your progress. Settin up my workout schedule fha next week! it's fine my mum said she will :-) see you then!xx RT  Happy as Larry  RT   RT rangers new signing lol " If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM." Pray!! I wanna do some crazy stuff tonight. Like repeat last weeken only make it better I followed you , :D you would do that?  xx u said that you follow each day 100 beliebers :D PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND  WE LOVE U SO MUCH :D We wait since 2009:(23 Building an even more extensive repertoire of ab building with David at Gym4All Basildon lol, whatev lol it was me! thanks 4 helping me out RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first Red hot on firee #lyrics I had a feeling you'd approve :P One more time... :p RT  Goodmorning all. Live ur life to the fullest. And be grateful. Ps: as Katy would say 'don't ever look back' :-) i like your avi! :D well your not funny :p i love yo twitcon Game tonight  can't wait #PantherPride GREAT NEWS!!! Awesome man :D great to hear! You feelin so much better now? Another grand adventure to Chapel Hill ensues  GET AT ME, WORLD! follow back?  x still working out twitter.  Husthwaite village hall... :-).  Hope you go well!! :-) RT  Who wants to go see "extremely loud and incredibly close" with me? New hair Shocked that  Got evicted 2nyt enjoyed watching him.. Just hope michael is next..#Twins2Win or #Romeo2Win :D Reetweet PLease   -&gt; Rolling in the dubstep - Monzta Beatz a traves de Now that  , that old life of mine is out the window I find myself smiling everyday it’s okay, i’m home but still frozen, and me too. &lt; - - - - Fine like Wine. RT  everyone should go follow  even though she's reached her goal, she still deserves more followers! :D Omg, I am so excited I really was the contest winner ! I'm gon have a blast unfortunately I'm the same, not healthy. I'll see how I am I'm 'ight :D counting days till THG and chasing a goose!!! :p you? Ur story was pretty good  keep writing ! Hanging out with Hasset & Danie Hey could you RT the tweets in my favourites please would mean everything  x RT  Zayn's all time favourite movie is Greece. RETWEET If you wouldn't mind watching Greece with Zayn! Cute?Oww i dont think so :p RT  it's cute emotion.... :D RT rievabeadles12: Wht is the (cont) Sure thing shawty! followed you Loved heated car seats wish my jeep had them Good Luck tonight! Wish I could be there, BUT I'll be there in the morning :D I love you! RT  Awesome article on  by Dinner soon with the fam & boy. lol heeey!! good morning #Goodnight #twitteroff SpongeBob got this girl hooked so I guess I'll get to coloring my hair now haha I'm gettin mine on monday or tuesday :p :D you are encouraging me. But books are educational, as are the colours and numbers and memorising the songs, all good stuff #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Np Gucci Mane ; Makimg Love To The Money What about a pen instead ? rubert! Edward ... Puppy? #yayforbeingsingle :p i have a hair appointment at 11 so like 1 maybe? i do not look like josh ! But hey FUCK YOU Thanks, doll. CAN EVERYONE GO FOLLOW  PLEASE. SHE NEEDS TO GET TO 800 FOLLOWERS BY TONIGHT! :p Mr. Lantz is too down good to know!! RT    do u viewwwww! It only comes out wen i esipik to you guyssss! Tres bien. Tres tres tress bien!  iseksiiiii Heyyy best friend!!!!! Lol :-) Its so funny how in facebook you update your status every two seconds your a psycho path but in twitter no one gives a'f yea my bitches listen .I was approved to volunteer at Metropolitan Center for Abused Women and Children  I begin my training next week. #feelsgood I've watched 8 episodes in the past day :p He doesn't Tweet :( but we do love him!! RT   awww, you have a nose ringg ! it's cute thoroughly enjoyed music talk  We should def do this again ;) #FF to  omg! 140 letter is really cheap way to describe her and her sweetness & epicness! :P I JUST ADORE HER! &lt;3 Mr shell, mr mabin & somebody else :p 57 MiNUTES & WERE FREE :D jackson think I'm scope and significance aaaaah &lt;3 thank U hunn I'm just that sexy :P
Just kidding happy birthday  :D xx Uh oh. We have cable like the rest of the fancy people. :D Had a great off hour w./ Lupe. I love her, she is so amazing that I can't believe it :3 Want her follow back ...... If I did not have the support of my family I would never have been able to do the thing's I have  x x x Thanks for the great coverage of the event, really appreciate it Who wana be on my bio Spongebob squarepants thanks for the #FF RT  Mi #SlowJamRequest 4 #JUICY4 is mi fav song t-shirt n panties by Adina Howard dats my shyt  #GalaxyAngels" JOINED you're team :D  #TeamFollowBack dee think I'm solitude and depression RT  #FF These wonderful people      Thanks guys. :-) I will I will.  I was either gonna go to utsa or Texas state, but I decided utsa next semester hope you enjoyed the story of Prophet Younas alayhi salaam lol lol you're not an animal, please. no growling. leonore dlabaj think I'm sleek and languid aww thank you this weekend is going to be fun IFKR! :D its awsome! ... Loool MncAaaw missed ya too coox! I'm baq nw :P RT  WE_LOVE_SMASHIS agreed Mara I missed you shame .... Goodmorning! that not who said something to my mam? Look on his profile I can't really remember haha i nee a link so I can watch :D well I think its awesome So many people don't realize how amazing they are! #youareloved Going out for diner with chief....first time in such a long time i am getting adult time Hey lovely :-) Don't you hate when that happens. Such a let down. But hey, no fortune is not a bad fortune, so it must be all good fortune aww good luck again!! &lt;3 I will do  thanks! I think  8 yr old lemme win n the beg, but I killed her 2 " Goodies " in the end! #FOLLOWME Luvv Yuh Foreverr : ) you're welcome  happy freakin friday!! 85 85! Horny Bubble gum una que anda por ahi y cantó ''The One That Got Away'' hoy conmigo :P Good morning!! Everyone have a great day~ I have like 3 valentines , the joy of being single on valentines day : ) onita dormanen think I'm indulge and cherish cant wait to get a tattoo of taylor weiss i'm so excited &lt;3 :D I love Juice I did notice I had some trouble accessing your blog for Mailbox this week. Glad you were able to get it worked out. And the best things happen when I'm with my boyfriend come joiiiin #heartbeats ... ow  you can join too if you want ... RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first +4 italy love you, when u smile we smile  :D 

Believe Tour To ITALY cool.. Just like to get an idea of how far the words spread :-) Look out for the podcast coming soon trust me they do. :D   yeahh soon New series of TopGear starts Sunday 29 Jan :D whoop #topgear Make them boys go loco :P ~ ha!  You're welcome anytime... Even if it's not snowing We need to plan outfits :D How and when did he ask?! I'm so happy for you x RT  I'm so glad I started listening to  they are seriously amazing and hopefully one day I'll see them in concert Your welcome  but it's truue! &lt;3 Happy birthday  :D we love you from mexico! &lt;3 follow me on the sly.. RT   stay strongg and i hope you're doing okay “ Napoleon Hill-think&grow rich”wish I could RT this 1000 times!!! Most people not hip! I see u I love you too check out  's music! her Skipping Stone EP comes out on Tuesday! RT  Thank you  and  for the interview nicknames now huh you're too cute  hah Blizzz & Rob About to Get Tatttttted :D *cyber hugs* ok bye! Lol bring me some when you get it ! :D “ I want Cheesecake ! Red velvet preferably” hey if its 3-1 then i'll give you credit for it :P hey sissy! Good morning!♥ I'm sorry I was falling asleep earlier n now jst woke up! Gonna check that evanescene's mv soon :D we have tweeted over 100 times and me and  would love a follow please  xxx nooo yet but i have a winter vacation to 13th February from 27th Feb.  i can't wait haha x RT  26 days till I'm 17!!! :D RT if you're gonna wish me a happy Bday RT  RT  Finnish Emma Awards tonight - Adam and Sauli won a Shadow Emma Award for Romance of the Year :D  #Bertland Iight pimp RT  #NF  #TeamFollowBack.! thank you  xx Oh here you are bus hahah you seee I do rememberr!! :-) I love your pro pic! Everyone says how nice my Nick is xxx RT  Mhmmm retweeting! :D (" `з´ )_,/"( &gt;_&lt;!) RT  Wduh kenek lebay maneh (⌣́_⌣̀) :D RT  Lebay -_- RT  Wkwkkk persaanku g enk happy birthday ka .. Wish you all the best :D Gbu RT   Fuck Yu Shawty I have a gluten free, dairy free recipe I created yesterday...swedish chef style so will make again and post I Feel So Good ! My.Day Is Great ! yeahh thanks :D did you? why thank you Debra haha ! you've started oh ! yeah I did my mum got it for me and the eyeliner :D good morning kak morgan :D have a nice day! yeah and You're heeereee :D Done RT  cachaksss follback please Just opened a great late Christmas present from my boss Came in for regular , leaving with Codeine  #BOAW Buy Codeine Online &gt;Viendo my fair lady, noche con #Audrey S/o  For given me my early bday present love Yu the second one you sent me the other night No u just know ur stuff & sing the shit out of the rest! U have a natural talent that surpasses wonderment  x You can take the Loss this time, I'll give you a chance next time 2 hours later and finally finish with my homework for the weekend! Nap time  #MuchNeeded The Kooks are coming to SD very soon!!! :D hahaha way to announce it over twitter... it seemed appropriate at the time RT  I'm in the studio working on my album, better get back to work guys. I'll be back later! :-) x :p ill be in richmond tonight :D I'm a happy person right about now Goodbye lazy days, Hello college days :p RT  RT if u love Justin's voice: ✔ Justin's hair: ✔ Justin's shoes: ✔ Justin's eyes: ✔ Justin's style: ✔ Justin's lips: ✔ [i follow back] I listen to Muse! :D #doesthatmakemecool? isn't it always! #BecauseOfYou i ll never trust again How wide is your vocal range? (octaves) I have been asked that many times, and I don´t know what to answer :D Thanks  its my favorite one. RT   I fuggs with your back tatt , its cute yea sure! RT   thank you  &lt;3 Get down with thaaaa trumpets lol woww  of courseee emma bernardino think I'm dangerous :D I called uu tha other day u aint answer , uu dnt miss me ukw its over Alexis im goin back to my true BABY  :-) Twitter is kinda confusing. My profile picture is still an egg. :D aww I'm a scorpio, as in, stfu or I'll sting you if you K. me! That's my personality! thanks for mentioning me! :-) and  we loners!! Hi! I hope you feel a lot better soon! U hear this all the time but we love you! RT   looool. Awww well keep it in mind from now on :D xo RT  Adam Lambert is kicking my ass!  Help me win! I got here!  I don't count my chickens before they hatch... WASSUPP  .... I LOVE WHEN MY UNCLE SAY THAT LMFAO yah shuld come over nd den from hea we decide wah to do :D like whatt ?? And awwww thankss Boy,  #oomf is so dope.  Ummm :D RT  Livewire Winter Party is shaping up greatly  hope a lot of people will get there early to meet  and I #FF  Soundest girl on twitter, should definitely be followed When something goes wrong, be brave and try again! follow me plis  #little monster Eating again hehehe  always hungry! ;) swal swal everywhere and not a drop for me :( You're a bad friend, Dáithí, and worse yet, a bad patriot. Walk it off Lolol, I was like bitch look up already & loveee you more :D Gooinng to seeeee Alexisssss :D hahaha fair point  and oh yeah forgot about him... trying to get people to say you look like him on the train haha ; Me and my Aunt 'boutta make a Strawberry Shortcake. :D nopeeeeee. :D Happy Birthday Mike! Love your vids, keep it up “ We Belong Together song is just so Chuck and Blair  Blair running away from Louis and Chuck waiting to pick her up :D” There isn't one drop of rain in San Diego right now woooohooo  excitinggg!!!! that is beautiful :D xxx  RT  Make me smile and everything will be good Home, finally! Clearly I didn't get the memo on that  I usually try to earn my wages when I'm WFH, just like when I'm in the offices... Today I went to Ryan's school tea party, this is my tea witch came with a plate for the cup!! RT   you make me wanna' haha #1DEUROPETOUR Norway!! :D RT  (B]eautiful [I)ndependent [T)hat (C]ontrols [H)oes just put the little cousin to bed I struggle getting up this time of year, it is just too dark .. Sleep well and chat to you soon :-) x RT  My brother really wants to see Rufus on Boomerang! Please everyone click  scroll down and like him! :D Takes 2 seconds. ahh I'll remember that  will have to go oit when I get back in Leeds too  xxx Who could me a shout out 
I give you one just ask ! I dont even know lool!
And yeah no more wasps. Meh, casjj :P xxxx I did yes, have never made my own moulds so should be fun :-) RT  Dear  You are so sexy. Your voice is like freshly whipped butter on a cloud of love. Me+you= mmmmmmmmm RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first RT  #ff  even thoo he fakee lol but naw he cute & reall cooo / funnnny so go follow him Has everyone got 5* on now for #BBlivefeed : ) Sis that girl is GORGEOUS! RT  od loud with  haha New day new hope new opportunity.. Thanks God Is your snowspeeder out of the shop yet, or will you have to take ground transportation? :-) Zayn the payn, he shat in a drayn, he stole his mothers chayn, his mother hit him then he felt the payn. yo me puse guantes para seguir twitteando  jajajaa BELIEVE TOUR TO COLOMBIA you are only 20? o.O Are you even allowed on Twitter before 21?? :P britany think I'm lively holy crap...I REMEMBERED YOU"RE ONE OF THOSE AWESOME PEOPLE it's gonna be rainy all weekend.. movies and hibernating for us.. yes, we are THAT gay hahaha oh Haha I feel so dumb Businessmen that hustle don't only accept cash, I now accept visa, MasterCard and especially Amex  step ya game up. &lt;--- WILL #NOT BE EATING BAG LUNCHES ! ! MY MAMA GET FOOD STAMPS  #HELLO RT  But if u wanna hear more great falsetto check out Jeff Buckley, Matthew Bellamy of Muse and Radiohead. my hands smell like candy apples! Hahah was solls going to see Red Tails tonight....gotta support the few black actors in hollywood RT   where do I find KMFM please ? :-) ( at www.kmfm.co.uk  or why not get the Tunein radio  app it's terrific thanks  xx Tea  hopefully it will help my throat! #sick FOLLOWED :D RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly Thaks :D    #FF Thanks guys! Probably not, and I wouldn't have the least idea how to... anything. :P RT  Happy Birthday  :D Very punny Leo. :p I could go a burger right now... With Bacon Yes, i'm hispanic  and sorry I replied late, I just got out of school :Di love you more though we work well together haha you love a photo :p haha, I cant do serious photo's, only silly looking ones RT  BTIKM is def not falsetto. It's fuckin high! Def tricky.  but it feels so great to wail that out. Cathartic. Found it  hard to believe Hazard and Verminator were cousins  lol he shud tke advantage.. Him AND Gervinho can get Hazard to #Arsenal RT  BTIKM is def not falsetto. It's fuckin high! Def tricky.  but it feels so great to wail that out. Cathartic. Shopping with RT  Just found out I've been nominated for 2011 My Tv Award, Best Male reality Star!..that is hilarious and all kinds of awesomeness!! he`s bowlegged, am i the only one that finds that attractive? hahahahahaha Gonna open some more presents  #teamfollowback me too. She's a nice girl. Gona watch the recording later to see my cousin Hi, Are you at truckfest at all this year? Saw you at shepton last year, but pics got lost :( Much love  x Coach Cristina? Or Perez? Gonna coach my sisters track team!  I'm pretty excited, she better be the bad ass like I was &gt;=] Packing for  Boot Camp for the next 4 days! Super excited to be reunited with my long lost wife  tomorrow too hehe I know that's where i'm watching it  xx why don't you ask junior think I'm 86. Completed oh good! Yaay  please follow me!! Xxxx And don't forget to take a look at this amazing Organisation  & the 2012 Muscle Walk   Join Team Adler! from where? hey, can you please take my shift today? Its 5-10 in the back Thankss : ) Buonanotte  #offline #FF  because he has been one of my best friends for well over 12 years :D Going HOY-EHING with  and  just like the guys from  :D I'm lilly , lets go swimming RT   heck yeah!!!!!! :D heyy thanks for follow back!!! I'm In Shock !! Cannot Believe You've Gone You Where Brill  Get Twins Out !! you don't love me anymore boo hoo doesn't look like it lol hope you get home safe! I'll see you Sunday yeah but I dunno if I'd be allowed to :p I dmed you yu the baddest west side bitch huh ?  that's a bet. But I'm chillin wats good comin from yo Southside nigga I'm excited for #ClevverNews! :D I always knew you loved me :D RT  4000th tweet S/o goes to these beautiful ladies The hubby is home early  #lovetheweekend happy birthday : ) RT   I already gotchu Hahahahaha RT  A dream that won't come true. Lol RT  No just wat i said  RT  U mean Bs RT (cont) Donee cleaningg my house i'll bring you the socks when i'm around I made it home safely! Does Kimi get on with them? Laying on the couch with this bum ankle while mommy is making me homemade pizza. Oh and watching one tree hill. To Charlotte we go. :D &lt;3 shoug shfty b3aiinich shgalt mo ? La w tgolen 7ram ma nby nt7rrash feha :p Right. Time for oot. Booze boutique loyal :-) :-) South vs. Lambert games tonight with  & my city is called "duesseldorf" :D I Follwed Back I enjoy watching documentaries - guardado & usando en Rest in peace kitten :-) Friday night?? Weekend has started early?? Where's the gang not that I mind you... Hope your ok it's up on twitter! Tell me what you think Check this one out bro. Maybe we'll learn to play this for the hell of it. RT  Six months from today I will be in Ohio laid out!!... Daddy just made reservations! : ) Had a chinese!! Ate way to much feel sick!! LOL I'm just listening to music and tweeting  you? Yeah mine was alright thankyou  xxx I feel sooo free. Finals are over bitches!!!!!! :D YAY!!!!!! They just let us leave with pay 8 dancing with Louis! :D Movies & Dinner tonight #GoodNight :-) thank you Three's are worse! But it's all worth it Dress like that for me next Christmas? Home bound!  yey!! ☺ HIII guys!!!!! whats up!!!!!!! :D had a pretty good day  sooo glad its FINALLY the weekend. Ready to hang out with that sweet boy of mine :D #cheerstothefreakin'weekend &lt;3 Eatin a 3 hour mint. Ahhhh the memories It's good to meet you. I am looking forward to getting to know you. tweet limit :( ----&gt;  :  the dreams come true? Answer me, let me know if come  true #BecauseOfYou grandma, I'm still awake Is anyone going to see Nick in How To Succeed In Business? HARRY IS IN ED SHEERAN'S NEW VIDEO AJDFHAJDFSHJALDSFHASD,J  I LOVE THIS SONG :D me too! just tell me when you can go I wanna have some private  's sing classes, that is one of my fav dream just as when i get off my pant after a long day? :D #WeAlsoCanBreath ! follback ya haha thanks you   but anyway is not my birthday.. Happy Birthday! yea sure is singing along to Good Night on skype. i win. :D finals=over/.... HAIUDSHASIUDHIUSADHhsdfhsiduhf &lt;-- thats me letting my stress out. Hahah it taste the SAME! Would I lie to you, no! An idiot abroad..... That's better :-) proper telly night  genius x RT  Ppl say I'm sick and tired of bein sick and tired.....I'm like well stop bein sick and tired.....Problem solved i wonder?.......HAS DEMI EVER SKI OR SNOWBOARDED BEFOR ???  have you ??
:D :P :D :P I went to a birthday partyyy ) have an awesome time  xox . Marinating chicken breasts. Gonna make a kickass dinner tonight  #ScrewFastFood #OnAHealthKick wow. really good nothin wrong with more red hair Its a snowman mushroom face made by   and I :P run to your bed #WhatsTheT pl ask why i don't come outside,cuz i don't do the COLD or SNOW !! :PRT     Happy birthday to The Pharoah too. Another #birthdaybaton carrier :-) Lots today :-) NF !  Follow Back Hun It sure is Going to chick fila all I want for valentine's day is a happy chuck and blair episode on gossip girl - In ur eyes I'm a Queen, U c potential n all my flaws nd thts exactly what I mean. I don't know y u love me ...but thts why I LOVE you I'm watching my 80s music vids Going sleeding with the pops :D Snow i wanna see  dance to dubstep that will give me a boner :p Watching For the Record for like the 1649437384848 time. It never gets old PIPA has problems too :D RT  RT  Still waitinn on  ta say he wants help in Spanishh lol :P - I was waitin for u! #BecauseOfYou I smile, cry, laugh, mad, happy, confused, sad, overwhelmed and in love. thank yooouu :D lmao i see Cider and imbetweeners can't get better :D okay  but did you understand me? now she is on tv show :D ♥ Be right back. aww that would be good! :-) RT  who want my 4,500 tweet  you stupidd hoeee arrrrhhhhhhhhhhh on the phone with mr radio :P My grandma is home but you're already using that icon :P what color do you want? Singing 'my strongest suit' in lit with Well got to go fly :-) Of course I write your name !   Haha you're not annoying me , don't worry :D Just saw emily gilbert`s madre thanks #FF  my little angel, LFC fanatic, you better treat her well and follow her now :D &lt;3 Oooh D: I'm so sorry. Do you want to talk about it? Or do you need a distraction  I can totally come up with something you're welcome  & thanks :$ is it? Aww, you should sleep  ♥ :D yay thanks!! mhm lol I love you too :p I love when  visits me at work miss congeniality 2! She looked about 40+ and loved it! That was a super dope feeling. yes of course Just in case no one seen out side, S. Said its Snowing outside! :D why a #FailyFriday Carlos what's up!? Thanks for #FF too RT  shut up & stop tweeting about us lls   :P RT  Great, great, great day. don't you just want that tshirt thou? I'd buy it with Dean in that outfit with that quote // sure  you have a SL? Ack, you were already nominated by  who nominated me. I forgot. :P Well, you've been nominated twice. :D RT   Thanks love  #100kForKhleo Oh, okey, now I wanna go to bed & have alot of sleep! thanks for the lego!! #legend great show This hour NEEDS to fly so I can see  wrestlllee ughh #goodluck I tell  I'm hungry, she says go eat some tacos! True friend &  is some dagon strangers : ) its not fair !!!!!! Zooey is sooooo annoying in New Girl! #justsaying :p can't wait for tonight  going to hit up  with  Fun fun! Treehouse will have free entry all night along with open bar. Why? Cause we want to throw an amazing party without hurting your pocket great and good luck! 3x DM  oooo i #FF :P Semester 1 exams done as of yesterday :D Shit friday night. Worth it for football tomorrow. Fancy a goal again. :-) I don't! But that's why I'm Gi do it now cause I need her back by the weekend for sure because #IHaveTooManyThingsToDo! aww tell her I said congrats! I might be hanging with Shannon, but I dunno yet.. text me!! RT  a lil music education moment: FALSETTO. It's not full, belted out chest voice. It's small, light pretty head voice. Widely misunderstood. Just finished helping another client, yay!   #bitwine #FF mo obsession ? yea i think so :D lol I`ll be home tomorrow night boogie! They will say: we didn't like the design.

هذا كل ما يهم ابل التصميم قبل كل شيء Can't wait 4  s album to come out!!  xxx I'm sorry, normal is not in my vocabulary Read my response to "Will you marry ME? :D &lt;3": I can listen to XL 100.3 all day : ) Thaaankkkk you  RT  @ Bosnian_Stulla love you're twittcon loll short term memory loss is a mafugga Yeaah  meant to be wearing it for tomorrow night! But I dunno :/ xxx Oooooh happy days, lucky youu! :D xxx I do what I can  Thank you! #bestcousinever #donttellkellyortommy ... Loving this new training regime and my new diet! Gonna have a body like Rhi Rhi in no time! :D out to the movies with mike “ &lt;--This girl got Accepted to Clark Atlanta University !!!!!!!!!!!!! ” congrats :D i have really no chance to you follow me :(  but #NeverSayNever right? RT  *m RT  #openfollow yuk tapi #jfb ya That's why I treat you like I'm treating them! please, make my wish come true and follow me. It's not so hard to click the 'follow' button aw c'mon!  love you so much. 11 Aynen öyle. :D Bi Rolling In The Deep attırıverse, millet ses görür. Putting everything aside and remember that he is still mine and we are still together Good plan! Enjoy fantastic! There should be quite a few of those around that time of year thank you Yeah why are we in 2 conversations? #yourfault #bye go to cheerfest babygirl!! I Loueee that Guy ' :p - I am , have to admit it :P , and i have these days haha living on the stuff , and lmao i would rather not no :|:| #Jealous Bahaha her dream is coming true follow back? :D x Hit 'Like' if you're up for a quiz  ~Irma&lt;3 We need to have a girls night soon RT  There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.  :D Would you likes to walk in different countries? Today i went to all my classes :P for onceSo much better not having a 6th RT  But if u wanna hear more great falsetto check out Jeff Buckley, Matthew Bellamy of Muse and Radiohead. So now that you all are on your new snowy adventure, when will you be coming back to the US? Specifically Atlanta RT  #BecauseOfYou  I know there are good men out there who know how to treat his woman She's physio :P is the best person in the world you guys N'aaaw! Is it already morning over there? I'll go to sleep like in half an hour or so yup I willll :D x  lmao oh well my spelling has always been crap lol RT   You Welcome Tahniyaaa Girlahh thaank yooouu! yeah  I was talking to Clemence on Facebook xx Happy birthday Oh how embarrassing I thought you were making fun of April babies cuz ppl usually tend to call us fools sorry carry on RT  Playing an Acoustic Charity Show with  and the boys tonight to support UNICEF!
Go here to find out more The Oscar Mayer song can also be credited with teaching a million people how to spell Bologna im going to the strip tonite.i hope i get to run into  that would make my week As long as they are in yours and not mine. goin to fill my belly ! :D “ Love when you slip and fall in snow :\” hahahah! :P I am a licensed driver :D work and then going to luke's flat :\ haha can hit nandos monday or wednesday and can pop in and say hi 2 mia RT  Thank you babe! Xo More to come soon. :-) RT   is her name.... Im feelin this song keep it up girl Good shhhh Spongebob makes me happy lol EVERYONE FOLLOW  she's so lovely and has A+++ tweets! :D Sleeping  house :D he's tweeting all his fans! thank you for following me Came home to my brother shoveling #ff      :-) Oiiii fne me home guurrrlll :P Raiding my mothers fridge. Hhmmmmm soup thanks ash am hoping it puts a smile on my ill friends face when she gets it in the post :-) follow back?  x thanks mate Luke Try Do A Irish Accent For Me Hahah :P x ( live on how would i know :P .. i guess you are lying :P you may stare at this for 10 mins if you want - our new doggie  #fridaytwiz HAHAHAHAHA ! I wanna see how you use :p later after use you laugh laugh lagi , or emo emo there xD lady gaga :D ewwwwwww please follow me ♥ Intro dong? RT  Hay RT SarahNiezz: fachriealfians hay :D I love school of comedy ;) really think you should do a one off episode... it would make my year! Pleeease tweet me back RT  2k ppl currently on stream. Can we keep it going? you bet we can :D   !! :D #DeSports Photo: anonymousectm: jkajkajka que amor dakujem michal  je to super pocit, ked ti ludia takto pomožu #thatsthespirit Thank you I think I'm gonna watch 37 again! :D thank u  like ur pic too  :**  Next time you spread a rumor about me, don't forget to mention how adorably sexy I am RT  Are any you into girls like I AM , Lets be honest : ) Lolol thank u!  RT   you got some pretty eyes...no lesbo tho... Morning everyone :D My brother was so happy he says to me omg Louise he&#39;s so cool he can skate board I was like d&#39;awe && thank you !!! :D Admiring a girls outfit and she gives me a dirty look... Fuck you get my vans so we can match  lol I'll record it for future reference. Status sounds good that night - I may attend!!!!   RFT  RT  i love you  &lt;3  & I got you! You awwready know RT   Good and extremely excited for the movie with each day :D you are so awesomeeeee Got that winter feeling back love u too!!!! :-) Im back biscuits! with faster internet too :p RT   babe i love you so much and im glad we had that talk, im with you forever babe and you know that i love you savannah my babe OMG I got a 2nd Job Oh Yeah Happy DYING TO GO SKATING! but id rather wait for a warmer day I'm Elmo and I know it. rosalina think I'm irrelevant okay I gotcha :-) ahh really? jealous, im hoping they come here this year some time :D yeah! :D About 2 hours away till a new House of Anubis!!! yeah ha. im still trying to think of stuff. :P , wee' .  KKKKK' A11: Chamber of Secrets (Lockhart says it to Harry) Winner -  :D My mommy is my bestfriend that's good, Sounds great. Lol. At least stay on here till Sunday then when u thrash us 8-2 again u can taunt Saal and I!! omg me too :D isn´t it weird? i can´t wait for tommorrow :P it will be fun :D wíí Haha, ok. Fair enough! Was buzzing as i was about to order your grey jumper, but its for us only, I want to spread you through the UK! Keep at it KCF . :-) aha so that's why your gonna text me right now right? Follow me please I Saww That followed Waiting for the man to get home from work &lt;3 it's always nice to have him back :D thankyou x good glad you enjoyed it, cool hope you meet   xx New #Twitcon :D primiiisssssss  IMY FREE TWITTER FOLLOWERS        ★ I'll kiss your body everywhere . . i kno exactly what you like :P Just five hours!! Who throws a table,I can't even pick a table up:/ But hopefully it'll have cleared up abit by sunday been tlkin to now ....  have a nice day sweetheart ! RT  Want me to call you? Then follow --  -- tweet me once you haveZach on Denton Radio right now!!  :-) willene sann think I'm offensive Scored two goals :p Npoe get buying and get tweetpic'ing you in them  haaha *bbm nerd face* sexy specks yano.. #spexy haha  love you Dork! need 2 do another USTREAM i wanna see them!! you're welcome honey I wanna do something so fun tonight I dont need to buy scissors. Mum bought me some last week thanks! I finish on the 27th, so this time next week its all over  xxx Just chillin till my date ALWAYS dress like you're gonna see your ex. Good Morning cool  Do you come Istanbul or other place? the bitch lol  xxxxx out for pub lunch with my mum, auntie and grandma afterwards too, was lovely  yep, I read all the magazine in bed last Going by dayna tomorrow ! :-) Going back to my black hair : ) its been almost 2 years that I haven't seen my natural color Lol smh RT  If anyone sees or speaks to GOD Today Please tell him I'm Lookin for HIM  thank you guys. I really need to find HIM. you should boo #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK hurry up!! all your #Mahomies are waiting for the AUSTREAM and its time..  &lt;3 Yay! Congratulations to  for being casted in "Grease!" Not everybody has what it takes to be great! they were the best Rihanna- You da one! : ) RT  Love these vote 1D pics people have thank you guys &lt;--- You Really Should  #NoseyTweet great, in an hour I will watch TVD please, make my wish come true and follow me. It's not so hard to click the 'follow' button aw c'mon!  love you so much. 24 If all goes well, looks like I might be spending all summer in nyc  #bestplaceonearth Oh. Self-explanatory then. LOL! with  watching the news and texting my bf lifes great Ditto!  RT  Have a G8 wknd!       ... haha ill give you a hug another day :p awww xx:( sure keep tryin nd chekin the Internet xxx :D #CostaRicaWantsBelieveTour Please !!! :D  108 sorry to scare! The real Sadie is alive and very well #Onething :-) Aww that's so sweet!  RT  I wanna take my ol lady   on a date show her how much I appreciate her.. It pisses me off soo much when people do this  - :p bridesmaids with shelby I'm still going to be the winner, so give up oh my gosh I'm going to see them this summer too!!  not sure where just yet but I love me some Coldplay. :P ha ah! :D .. yep off course EXTRA TIME! .. and we get to do extra things too! ... get me? :P x Arron! Hey I missed u!! how u doing?! xD :D -hugs u- hahaha Carlos how are you? Me too ^^ You want them to reunion? roll on tuesday. C ya there hahah, i'm listening to that song we were talking about in L.A i already knew it, just didn't know what it was called :P RT   Yeahh I'm going to the Bradford one #VIPAllTheWay Peaches and cream love 
: ) that ass. I didn't even read it til now. What you doin the weekend of the 17th? We kumn down no me extraña! :P #FF the amazing  :-) I want one :D thank you! Ball so hard ShoutOut2 my beautiful new followers   Dont be a stranger please come to the new stadium in dunedin in new zealand.Sir elton john played here in november 2011. please come perform here :D RT   yayyyyyy!!!  &lt;3 I LOVE DR SHARMA!! FROM OUR DOCTORS?! :D THANK YOU! :D :D Thanks for the #ff, Dawn  .. Hope your day has been a good one. RT  #MoncheleIsReal ♥ ♥ ♥ Your argument is invalid we willl :D I think its time to sleep, Good Night RT  Not a single directioner followed  or  for me :( RT if u did for a followback Hihi, Great :D ooh, very nice! hehe  xx let it rain over me :P ohhhh yeah!  he is one good looking chap &lt;3 xxx is it wrong to drool? Lol!!!! thankssssss! Thx v Much *Virtual E-Hug*  Whats up duck? “ Sexxaaaaaaaaay;)     aww zomb  I miss you! #ff Everyone follow  funny, great to talk to and a lovely girl! :D no problem thanks for the updates! Will you please help me share this song I wrote for Taylor? bronze cb Scottish plays for rangers 5212 formation surname perry 3k Read my response to "hai der, it's me :D x follow back pwease?haha": kellee cariaso think I'm sovereign and independent lol.. :P RT  cant wait to watch next weeks episode of jerseyshore :D Young, wild and free itss real nice  lol and exactly so gimmme some merri think I'm inconsiderate I wonder if Aunt Carroll makes personally appearances. She would be a hit at my graduation party! You shouldn't have hit it like that, had me yelin like that! Watching little bill then Maggie and the ferocious beast! Love nickjr, don't even care that I'm 16 :p ThankYou! For the #FF have a nice weekend! have you ever had a holding-your-breath contest? I bet Ian would win  #lunchtime you must wanna fight me ? Thanks for the RT :')! &lt;3 Being single is better, then going through his craaap #single we need to do something for Michelle tomorrow hold in the lock button and home button no duh! never said they wouldnt be Twitter suspended me cause of a gay ass nigga l!!! -___-  Follow Follow Follow G's! same :pI ordered my Sempre book Getting someone 2 illustrate the banner for my fanfic  ~Ashh x EVERYONE should follow  he raps ,& hes pretty darn cool  his youtube is: Phen0menal203 listen & show him love #CtRapper #Ff  !! lmao righttt Aww how awesome!  :-) RT   tat your name on me so you know it's fucking real colour me jealous! I shall be watching it via you tube later this evening :-) RT   Aaaaaa You Have Game Fam  Jheeeeeeeez*Dun Know Sure hun #becauseofyou i now know how to speak parseltongue...thanks voldermort ...Erm... :S you too but ok... Fwesh Fish  " " Blessing in Disguise"««me ba :D" RT  i miss play fighting in your bed as it turned into morning sex i wonder if kiara is reading this lmao lol better not! but thats whassup & in some weird way i miss u too  jkk ezekiel think I'm 359. Redesigned TY for the follow back. awesome website Last minute three hour road trip? Sure  iloveyou&lt;3 Aaww haha, I don't even know what to say! What are you up to?  xxxx here you go Another weekend out of town! Just need #oomf to bare with me one more weekend :-) 24/7 #Prince radio. Right now playing #Parade Tour from 1986 minus the bear..pink floyd, faith no more....tambien aerosmith... brittaney konczewski think I'm vague and indistinct sorry followers..if you dont like  then ull just have to quit following me bc i will always retweet him Any body wanna phone bone Ri and I took advantage of this 75 degree day  good ending! YAY!!!  back on the box :-) Where have you been!? you cant tell me not to be friends with her then go tellme not to be friends with him im sorry u dont pick my friends but thx for trying favorite movie an actor ever RT  can anyone recommend a company apart from Chesneys that do Cream Log Burners please :-) Im ready to talk to  ... Im calling her when I wake up from my nap.. :-) Lol, #Hater :P sorry... I was too busy dying this morning :P xx ahhh thanksssssss thicko RT  Just ordered my subway from  I think we gone get alone very well did you go to that park I told you?  x thx! RT  #FF My Disney peeps rock! you so perfect :D You wish! Check men haar man! :D damn i really love that boy , do anythinq for that boy hahaha yours will be much prettier than mine  braces are cute too though :p would love to meet you both ANYWHERE, except Maadi, your kind home invite notwithstanding ya Mags. Love you too #BecauseOfYou I know i should be more careful Excited for this weekend I Got My License Before You Tho :p .. RT  Made a beautiful mural in philosophy S/o my new followers!   RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly play day back in elementary school   #GoodTimes Dev is brilliant Lmao fight in Carey offices priceless skay, thanks to you too  xx Time to go to bed, see you guys tomorrow!  Au Revoir! Or like we would say Näkemiin, hyvää yötä! frankie or gareth to win #CBB the rest are cranky! can someone let me know who goes #BedTime night tweethearts  x had a good ass convo w/ the bestie ----&gt;  last night ! I missed math though. :p Em casa  (@ First House Castellan's) it isss! literally no other sandwiches made or bought can compare to a subway :D Haha I don't wanna go out into the cold :P for sure  good night Ok great! so far I have no plans on Thursday and my house is right next to Burjuman :D See you then inshallah! texted! :p About to take one of the most important ballet classes I've ever taken. Wish me luck!  #nervous #excited I love your icon don't inform me ably any events at LIV until I can actually be there in one week, can't wait for my birthday weekend!!!! :D RT  The beach was fucking amazing today Yay! All comics caught up, now :D My birthday =&gt; Y'all get the presents of extra comic/day? Deron Williams to Lakers? :D #newfollower #millionpounddrop is getting interesting them gentlemen are very nice looking Life couldn&#39;t be any better :-) xx RT  There's no reason for me to stop loving you, but there are a million reasons for me to stay Wasn't suppose to work but things change. Come visit me at brick rock bar :-) Now you're talkin'!    Thx and have a terrific weekend. thank you :D Illest ___ Alive , ! He love my Freaky side i just saw this awwww I guess I count as a 'GearGuy' then. :P because the world is full of twats!!!! pagiiii my aunty.. Hv a nice weekend but why was it shitty rating?! waaaah :( dude ur cookie sandwhich looked so good :P RT  Love u  This describes us perfectly RT  Bout to have a damn good night, hmu if ya wanna join..I will have plenty to share  #roasted RT   entren todos twitcam 
RT please Well if they break in and start stealing items, try not to make any sudden movements.. You'll be grand :P Thanks again for the #FFs! :D Today i spent 1st hour dressing up a fake anatomy skeleton with my teacher. Were pretty much bestfriends. And the skeleton was beautiful This!;) RT  Your adorkableness is just part of your allure  ♥ RT  Ok. Nuff of all that. I'm such a nerd. EVERYBODY, WATCH #FRINGE TONIGHT! And if you don't, at least check in on GetGlue! You'll get a free sticker...... hahah that forreal made me crack up :p Thank You  xx Tropical Smoothie What a lovely night,  are amazing as usual it's okay  hope you feel better tomorrow &lt;3! hahah avoidin me :P aww well good luck have tell me how they go?... err jus had cwk to do all in tho RT  Geee CRAZY  hacked into the school's WiFi. Thanks though, now  my phone has WiFi in it. :D #YEE .another evening of entertainment?  xxx RT   You bugger! I did actually yawn! Im Bak Hey Tweeps Lol Thanks to this snow, I guess it's date night IN tonight. Basically, like every other night home with the Yeah! , Tomorrow's my Nieces JustinBieber Party! &lt;3  Awwe shes just in love with  .. you can come over and use mine hiiiiiii everyone Hmm RT  Lool...b4 nko :D :D "   i noe dunmola wee shine teeth naw" RT  Dancing & singing around the house you're welcome!  I've been reading your lyric tweets for the last half hour and saying the name of the song to myself. haha Follow me please :-) :-). Thanks :-) :-) Skating at East West Ice Palace with  & Shopping with Jenny you #ff'd me! Thank you! If there was such a thing as a glory hole hug, I'd do it to you :D Yes.. Sadly no braces. But I like them :-) Jasmine STILL Ain't Change My Name In Her Bio ! AND She Ain't Call Me Back -____- BITCH I live in Georgia but haven't been able to garden in weeks, I am going nuts! But, I do have jonquils blooming I love Jordan Knight as well id love 2 hear u both 2gether do a falsetto duet Huh best day w/  and  had fun in JBR w/ u guys a7la part is when we took of our heels :p I'm getting about one a day The website is awesome! #MusicLover  Especially liking the #Benicassim reviews - soooo want to go this year! yees, its okay greaaat  today is friday, and in an hour I will watch TVD Taylor's tonight!  #shouldbefun! This is Friskers  I miss him so much ): Thanks girl  (4095999924) omw home to clean up for my fun weekend with girls (:  (:  (:  (:  (:  (:  (: RT   will you sing @ my wedding?  I've been a fan since 1901 ;) #festivemoment Hangin with mahh girl In macideees with my sister :-) In the hospital, my son is on his way. ♥ just do it ione don't hold back ok? :/:/ Its awesome to find some many cool Kardashian fans on here! :-) gusto ko nlng pla pocket wifi for xmas :D hopefully going shopping as a late birthday present  how bout you? You follow me?You taught me to believe that dreams come true,The album #Believe is going to be fantastic,#WeAreABigFamily  . Our texts Right Now &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; It's official. Financial aid rolled in, loans are getting set up. I start at  in 10 days follow back? :D I love you RT  SOPA Is Dead  ! We did it! imy too haha, yeah pretty much :P RT  She told me good luck  yesss aww thanks ia dong. . :D RT  Cie yg ktmu ust.maulanaRT  yoi2. . :D RT Didn't know you were in NYC! Nice view! follow back  ? RT  I want dress up really pretty && go out tonight  its been forever umm, I think there's raspberries, strawberries, red currants, black currants & blackberries yes  i'm about to get new shoes real quick then my mommys bringing me ovaaaaaa A hocu i ja yeh I'll favorite that ! Lmaoo got a nice #dumbboy : ) You're so right :D #GleeksRuleTheWorld buttt let's jst stay on Sweet Dreams Friends !!! it's wayyyyyyyyyyy Better :P !!! Good nighttt!! Peace OUTTTT !! #zZzZzZzzzzzZZZZzzzZZZzzzZZ hahaha I know right! :P &lt;3 Overall it was a good friday Pub-crawling! I didn't do this since... ah yeah, last year RT  RT if you want me to follow you! Must follow  first no problem! Hope it's a good one is teaching me chess :D hello!  thanks for signing up. you should read Shania Twains book it is so good! Definitely a must read rivka think I'm focus and concentrate  RT  YAY 10 MORE FOLLOWERS TO 16,000 I resent that remark! And we did BBQ instead! : ) Anna beautiful don't ignore me I got a Love to give you Icône : 6/10 (follow moi) :p comer lol i knew it was him :p can you teach me your guido powers? :D Good morning! Mas nauna pa gumising sa akin si  ! Kaloka! I hope I won't be late for work. :p really!! whats the url ? :p What the fuck? :D Cel den follow me!I hope so for a long time! #FF  for being the most awesomest Guido out there! :D :D thats insane!!! u must be so happy!!!! Pete can you follow me pwease :( i won,t stop naggin till you  X I didn't quit. I mean Im out of there for the week. Please watch you singing Russian :D  #lunchtime Awwwww yay!! Gonna be fun  Thank you, we can always drive to Video Ezy or something so don't stress :P lol! Good morning :D Noooooo...u got such a beautiful hair  RT  Getting my hair cut! I should just cut it all off...right? RT  Loveee my sis Yeah men :D Believe Tour To ITALY Family time! Nobody is old. We are "seasoned" and full of wisdom. I'm not going it was cancelled but you know your girl will be therrrrr :p Thanks for the follow RT  Off work, too happy 3 subs away from 10 for me, I wonder if I can meet that Monday :P hahaha! I also thought it sounded like a church name when I first heard it :D actually u right! Cause I'm not in the pretty category, I'm in sexy af!!!! :-) Thanks hun Its from the heart, and you tweet about bondage :'D whatever works for you! lol Thought you were goin to bed?  xx Listening to 'up' reminds me of justin's concert RT  Gotcha  RT   accept my friend request so i can see it pleeaseenew music on bb cannot wait for Chapter 16! :D leonarda starliper think I'm indecent thankyou tooo i love spreading happiness around for no reason don't you ? lol :P haha yeah you are, come have nap time with me and Gucci. yeaa i hope you do though *hugs you* :p it has been going realy well so far thaanks!  had my 2nd day today, went realy well!  i now have a 4-day-break! then back I can't see any correct answers yet :p x haha , & you know this mannn , you're a GREAT slim thugga yourself yes I did feel so much love for you :D &lt;3 Well I need my beauty sleep  + I'm always the last standing b*tch when I'm around people! ;) :P Watching Rugrats: All Grown Up! Waiting for baby go get off 3asa eytheee3 manaby! RT  "Waink yadarb elm7ba?" Shakla yel3b hide and seek i dont feel like tweeting right now :l ima post up my score on temple run lachur . ima try to get a high ass number . :P :-)  ThankU love:-) Making my sister brownies  I'm too nice. I also bought Driver: San Francisco  I used to lover the Driver games for PS1 and PS2 so I hope this new one is good! she was my lunch date : ) RT  My brithday plans looking right not a chance!!! That bitch is MINE!!! You can have the other one :-) aww bless her  shes so adorable! when i see her be prepared cause im gunna sneak her in my bag ;) haa. xx No I aint lol !! Okay mabye  RT   is a fooolllllllll!!!! Yaaaasssss Hey guy want to share #xxx #sexy #porn pictures? Here are my #pussy #sex shots :P  #B7x you too Thanks to  for that advice today  lol Find The Argus Apocraphex ... still haven't found it?? :D ohhh, no cider and black....Got to fosters or fosters and lime! :P i think u should do a meet and great in toronto Happy birthday   i mees you :( hope you have a good day! :D there's another reason why i haven't eaten the cake yet... my family isn't complete yet... cause we're all working & RT   not Collins, just rock and roll with Coll Yeeeep, could you tweet and follow i'm your french teaaaaam  ♥ xx 30 Other than my pants being ripped, today's been a great day So? How did like i2? Real life sleeps at night. real bright shines the right :p ;)) blahblahblah Play station Newspaper down! :D Nahhhh.. Thats fine  and is your ID your passport? :O ;) Helllooo : ) . lol What were you talking bout ? If there was a tweet before that I didnt see it I'm happy that we're best friends!! I don't know what I would do without Hiya! Ah sure I bet theyve seen each other naked loads of times... I've seen ny sisters in the nip!  xxx hahahahaha we're all freaks today That's what her doctor just said too RT  Hope the Mighty TIGERS win tonight Hello my hometowners! :-) Apunto de ver #myfairlady 
Grande Hepburn. So bored... anyone want to chill?  ? OH OH OH IT'S MAGIC YOU KNOW...(8) :D Va sur mon profil et regarde ma tof en fond :D Elle gere Thanks! I wish you a splendid one, too! :D FOLLOW BACK PLEASE Hehe! The outrage! :O !! :P #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow    Please & Thanks  I appreciate it #TEAMFOLLOWBACK RT  I dunno wat ya'll are talking about cause i loveeee hightower Hope everyone has a blast at the #Waughgongshow tonight!!! Hello people :D It's true.  xx Can someone please Tweet me when it's   #TeamDarren 's turn at the Glee Games? :D My last tweet came totaly wrong i LOVE you and txt u later  &lt;3 RT  Smoke sesh with   ❤ I love the coin magnet on #templerun  its great haha i once slept on the sofa for 2 nights til my bf found the spider in our bedroom. I feel your pain :-) RT  Yo: Hi. Justin: Hi. Yo: te violo papi rico!. Justin: What?. Yo: I love you. :D Very cool.  What kind is it? Oh cool! I'll try and find ya! Nope, I don't know lmbo RT  RT if your a junior ? :D Pauly D station  pandora radio  makes my day!! Thank you  "  has a pretty smile." thank u! punishment? Lolzz what you got in mind then? :P well, it doesn't take much longer now; almost finished Courtwarming basketball games at the high school tonight ~ going with the family. My cousin Ashh is home ! and at 7 Please #followers =)  #FF Hey!  Can you ƒollow •  •[#1 #HipHop Radio] Please & Thanks... #followback siiip... Watching Rugrats w/ Soleil! Tommy's voice is extra cute awwww just on here but going to read soon  xxx Went down a size in jeans o ne bee :D RT   he has a beautiful soul too  x RT  But if u wanna hear more great falsetto check out Jeff Buckley, Matthew Bellamy of Muse and Radiohead. So COD init? RT  K_Onyenso naah.....COD then Skype :p CHECK OUT MY VERY OWN HOMEMADE OREO MILKSHAKE RECIPE. Hehe. what country are you from? :D Thanks! My first flight was cancelled, so I've been at LAX for a while now! Hopefully the next flight can come in!!! my pretty girl is very confusing! :-) Thx  RT  go follow  #ff lol preciate your concern alonzo think I'm debonair please notice me and my bff   we love u so much and have been tryna get u 2 notice us since forever :(3 -Who tryna Go Make Snow Angles Naked......In Mii Bed..haha RT  RT To top this good week off, help me try and get to 600 followers by the end of tonight :D RT omg, I got one! It was insane. Details next time I see u, but I think if you look at the actors kinda beseechingly, it helps go to atl best wings on columbia drive its,a, man in there, his movies are good and you can quote me on that lol tu tords le cou de la tort-ue :p RT   &lt;------ HATER !!anybody wanna stay what happened to tweeting me ?  x RT   foutje » :p I just vote for you, I know you won :D #nowplaying loca RT  EVERYONE VOTE FOR 





#1D4BestBritishSingle 

Good luck boys!! :-)


Follow me  
28 Gym  anyone goin, la fitness hmuu  In my comfort zone right now, smoking a J, sittin in the back porch enjoying the rain & just loving everything at the moment That massage  gave me today was AMAZING good morning bro VOTE VOTE VOTE for 1D  http://
 :D -   already voted you're strong! You can do it RT    bad this is kel Frankie wants me :\ Sorry :D x check it out! Tell me what you think!! RT   You will have people from both sides. You cannot comfort all. Just do the right thing RT  #SandyBealesAsdaDeals trend it  xxxxx Finally home from school. Longest day ever, but hey I can't complain I think I addicted to this now You know I spend MONEY , cause spending time is hopeless : ) I love you  I'm going to include you in my fb bio for 'bestfriends' I'm not there yet  Working on it I should get one for free since I work at the arena!  RT  Wait WHAT! If Im one of the first ... Hi Liam, WE LOVE YOU IN MEXICO  I hope someday you will notice me  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND I'M PROUD OF YOU :')85 I'm really looking forward to my haircut tomorrow happy borthday achi  :D you deserve it no problem  hopefully, but its gonna cost a fortune, wbu? Xxx hope you have a great weekend Chloe :-) Sooo.... wanna follow me and  Just a suggestion.... okay, a wish... A SUPER BIG WISH! :D x ♥ for sure  lets plan a date! RT   you're just Britney... bitch i didnt mean to press buy now :p hahaa thwn they sent me an email and like ooopsies :p Ppl on Maury who run backstage crying are the best ! I would give anything for the door to be locked. lol Once again - if you feel inclined, any and every vote or share would be appreciated. Thank you so much. truth hurts  #getonmylevel but next time, u see a missed call, call back or send a text or simply flash to acknowledge the missed call!!! :p The day to relax and get things done around the house y3ni 7addad w abnoudy wara b3d ?  u made my day I adore both of them aslan !  Forever 22 &lt;3 Hey lamb!! Can we get a follow back? :-) Miley Is Lovely :D . I already vote for #OneDirection! Ecuador says Hello! Liam! :D  7 no sweetie, just a tattoo addict how are you ? i love you , you are so beautiful you are so perfect boy =), please follow me  te amo81 Wide awake darl RT  Wake up!!!!!!! RT  Yes na..Mee :D RT IAmQuebex: 4 naija? Tht kinda person ... Finally home... Waitn for bae We hope your Friday has been truly excellent! Please have a fun, safe weekend and don't forget to stay dry. Can we get a "Go #49ers"? Agreed. There were many lulz. And pie. RT   Heya sweetums! Do you wanna have a FRIENDS marathon with me when you come to Sydney? happy birthday to you! :-) i think its just you? :S at least not for me so far? randomly replying to people on my TL i'm going to bed now, didn't get a tweet but there's always other opportunities  x that's adorable RT   ihatee alotaaa stuff llsss #herCousinTWEETINGG Pain makes you stronger. Fear makes you braver. Heartbreaks makes you wiser. What doesn't kill you will always make you stronger RT   i love you...I JUST NEED A SIMPLE TWEET & A FOLLOW BACK  #JLoFanForever memories... 'if you don't want me to destroy you' is a tune :-) Tax time next weekend.....yes sir Merry X-mas to all.....racks! Selamat pagi     long weekend kemana kitaa? :p If you tweet me or follow me, I would be the happiest girl alive!  I love you! baby its offical my brother is the best he is taking me into the city then going back home :-) hahaha I seem to remember some other ppl being this cheesy! :D btw, saw ur mom with darren last night. it was a lazy day :P I didn't anything :( I just slept all day RT   he's so cute :p didnt feel like driving my car so im zimriding to LA today! intending to get to my ride on time Lala latter on better be good I love how  is on twitter after the concert. He must be so tired but however he's here  Liam loves us so much! Noo, not you  RT  RT  Im soo done! With everybody!-not me Aha the fuck? &lt;3 RT   lol Awwwww&lt;33 Aaaawww  and  bromance is so cute! Demi Saved Millions , yeah just stating the fact! Go Demi! Got my moccasins Haha I'm Scottish and Lindsey is English I would lol to hear her say that haha -its Scotty time!   I love you! Sing good tonight babe! ;) Please Follow  ,He will follow u back just ask him :D He's a #BoyBelieber I thought both was implied? Si? :D claro que si RT  Gracie Diet Lunch :D love these days!! Hey how are you?! :D Follow back please  it'd make my day, and I'll scream out loud!! I love me cat is your BBM not working or are you just ignoring me? Lol :P Oops! I did it again... First Chair All-City :D waoo me gusta :D !!! RT  look what i did!... i swear i don't do drugs (:  Aww a wittle girl just told me I was pretty  #SoCute #MadeMyNight Going to my Aunts aunt house. Lol. Ill tweet when i get there. #IReallyLike TURTLES  Have u seen the video on YouTube it's call Zombie kid likes turtles  u should look it up Follow?? thanks boo RT  What did I do to deserve all this love? RT  we have now 18 TTs within 3 days! Isn't that amazing? :D We are unstoppable Looking forward to hosting #RONJOSOL, #DarrinRose and  at the Hamilton Yuk Yuks  #comedy That won't happen with me :D Or Molly! We love you!!!! &lt;3 Please follow me, it would mean the world to me and it would make me the happiest girl on this planet :-) Afraid to tweet stuff cause #oomf is gonna flip out :D CODY FOLLOWED YOU :D Another Friday and you know what that means?! Bowling! :DYAY SO EXCITED :D how are you.  x LOL, hey! Let's make it happen I just think you're better than that class was really good today  liking the new choreo! AHHH!! Ik ik right??!!! Wait random question but do u have an instagram???!! I just made 1 a few days ago!! Going back to carthage to eat my chinese food  lol #fatty Your the best. RT   Hope my hug helped abit just now  Cheerup Baby Adahh^^ Haha how far away is that from Sydney, Australia?  ♥ why? ): hahaha your mean/: kidding :p can't wait to see you guys in may! Booked some days off from work. Hopefully I'll be able to take you guys out ;) my treat I can't remember much but yea :p it was swell as RT  [2] 121116 #SUKIRA - RYEOWOOK HOLDING ALL OF THEIR GDA TROPHIES!! XDDD #picspam :D pssh, it's fine. Your education comes first.. Lol I've heard! That's what's up! Awh  RT   she's great! Looking like vonte spit her out VVIP:200rb(incl.chocolate*+rose flower),VIP1:150rb(Bakpiapia valentine package*),VIP2:125rb(incl.rose flower),FEST:75rb Happy Chinese New Year to all my chinese followers! your awesome!!!!!  156 nothing just got off this #workflow. Heading out to the crib about to blow it down im so sorry for you. get better Your welcome thank you. when do u arrive in perth cause i wanna see u guys all at the airport :D RT  New Crocs Flower Dance, only IDR 165k | ввм : 26298BF6  #prommmo One from little Emory's newborn session #FF the beautifulistic YEAH ate Vic I thought your icon was 2 of yourself I thought u edited it.. Hahaha  it was ur friend pala. Abi. Please. Not Gail. Hahahaha!!! Lord knows imm heavy &gt;&gt; i got my weight up :p RT  Retweet if we NEVER talked or BARELY talk anymore & i'll DM you Do you know how many inches in Morris Ginger? Thank you in advance i love it because you're gorgeous! spent the day between bed & my couch. So rested. ahhh thought I would follow/stalk you I need a funny DM to clown about right about now with my sisters   and Yea I lyk em no doubt about it :-) follow me back Can 10 of you follow  ? God #becauseofyou all things are possible :-) #WePromote RT  "Okay, I Love You"   Follow RT  What do women want? We want everything RT  So glad it's Friday! I can just chill with no intention to do anything for the rest of the day :D yeah doll  im from Philippines RT  RT  RT" *B RT  #openfollow buat 1000acc  yang mau RT+JFB" RT  Omgee the Roads are horrible out glad I made it home.safe actually , everyone in our clique , including you , is a joker "Bad Bitches Only"  Yep! Up in Rocklin. - my lil sister doin my haair  Lmao thank you  xo Nice  and i guess . morningg.... RT  morning tweeps Bowling tonight :D its been a while. That looks reeeeaaalll Nice  .. What u use to fill ur brows ? Somebody tweet? Follow back? RT  I love The Princess Diaries. King taco was great, now where's my baby at! where you goin lil girrrl? Lol yup  cause thats exactly where I belong lol Well, next time walk down the stairs like everyone else. No need 2 be different. LOL :p  I wonder if my Bestie  gone ride home with me when its time for the babyshower ? I miss her & them stories :-) He looks like a little old man. na at monash and i told her ur doing global arts and shes like wow how much did she get on her atar? and i said 90 :D heheeh. ✔ Thank you for following INK  Please Follow DJ’s  & Win A Free Sexy House Mix - Please RT - Thx Hun x Close your eyes , open your mouth &pretend to roll dice :D RT  You can count on me like 123, I'll be there #nowplaying this song describes our friendship :-) I had diet coke  cant drink :/ RT  #nowwatching Doreamon. :D Just seen D.Thomas Hanging out with derian schultz and Sean inman i miss my best friends... It's been a while. Jus heard cheyney commercial  on the radio mama dukea hype as hell lmao :-) Happy Bday to me! Off to a wicked party :D #TheGoodLife RT   ain't it past ur bed time yet lil cuz :p lol«NO I'm wideee awake wonderin where's my Snapback Big Cuz! Lol Wassup :D that somehow sounds intriguing. Buku tu best x? :D #NowFollowinggBACK : ) glad I could make it all better since my christmas baby ruined it ámote y extráñote. RT  RT  RT  RT  #openfollow, yang mau RT  #JFB wajib thanks Leonard Nimoy of course. Zachary is young enuf 2 B my son! tengs follow of course Infinity This my breakfast today. RT  Wldnt mind laying up under #Oomf right now! ok im your friend again     :-) RT  SAY THIS FAST: ( I M 2 6 C 4 U ) Retweet if you get it. Had so much fun at Courtney's Party! 
With  , Brandi, Rylee, Hailey, and Cameron. #bestfriends 😃💗 That's adorable. this is my main acct I only get on there if I'm in twitter jail :-) lol its kool So early one ? :P are you calling us skinny or unimportant? lol JK love you toooo. See you tomorrow at 6am araw