:D. it honestly gets you no where though.. still foggie, ugly mug lol RT  Me change mi yiye pawdie and she still ugly RT  Pray for all your frnds in the North not having a car is totally pants ahh, I see... I need to start going gym  oh cool, have fun! Well I'm meant to be at one restaurant thing right now, but... se arrechan aye a clicked link n sent mine +1 Wish my baby was with me BOTH all i do is meow meow meow and i need my best friend so we not going to Austin i have zero plans for my bday i missed my 11,000 tweet. tragic Today hasn't been good  
And this weekend will only make it worse. I'm not ready for everything that's been happening. #why.😭 Somebody feeeeed me too lazy to make food I know  how is this going to happen? Like that girl from australia? leave the room for 2 minutes and get back to find that the dog has stolen my space on the sofa!  i dnt wana work tonight Is it normal for my mouth STILL to be bleeding? Fed up of the taste of blood and my mouth really hurts and I REALLY want a cuddle RT  is it me or are there dying so many people last few weeks? today we lost another family member  RIP belieber lily. I really need money damnn i forgot about my 6,00th tweet Good luck! Im doing that tomorrow Work is not the place to be for me right now This weather makes me sad  how much longer til we get with this..dreary days always mess with my mood sad times  x I know :-( Do you know Nick'll be full naked on the stage?  That's very bad I know   but I like to ask early since your more than likely busy most of the time :) It's gonna be hard to stay awake oh right, i wish you was out this weekend too  cal i reks, but you go as like a group, like you meet 15others at the airport! cousin!!!!  this guy is being disrespectful towards me! :o that's quality :D any chance you can get one for my mate as well?? Newly transformed bluebird :p nahh doubt it Does Mumbai have an East end equivalent? Why don't we have our own Russian ghettos? Or a Mile End road equivalent maaa w9lnee shy bbm :n maa shaft wla shy we'll mo97f shreef ma w9lne shy a9ln '9ayg khlgy m7d asolf wyaay  &lt;l RT  I've got both legs stuck in one pyjama hole  #leonalewisnashville definitely it was a serious question  😳 Can't let go so easily // Yes, why are favorite people are spread around the globe? dmmm nooo! Lol why cant I get themmmmm “  n u should of called me today :-( lol” girlllllk Not being able to concentrate because you can't get someone out of your head The ocean is so beautiful. But I must say my goodbye today I been working to hard to help wit my own babyshower...  Which is pitiful but some stuff has to be done! I don't think my baby amada came today haahaa I wore like jeans so It wouldn't but went out straight after it was done so people kept hitting it  curl up and die Aren't we ever getting our desperately-needed 5th Season??? Going back to STA for the weekend, so crippled! Good luck strive in the tourny this weekend! Sad I can't play Cat believe   are in Sheffield tonight on the only weekend im away. Wanted to stalk them for a while But I'm injured aaahhhh and i can't touch them  its for our birthday party tomorrow Whats wrong?  &lt;3 That's annoying  Are you getting it fixed soon? RT  All this SOPA/PIPA talk is making me crave Sopaipilla's.  #FoodConfessions .I got the 8,000 tweet but i had to share* pouts* wah I wish I was at class Back hurts hell yeah im at work #damn. i done seen 80 million episodes about bikers & mexicans waiting for that episode & im missin it! I really do wish  would tweet more, but he's busy filming #Supernatural 
#SPNFamily #Minecraft anyone? I ain't going through 200+ mentions. And if you said "That's fucked up :-( LMFAO" you ain't shit either. ; I remember you saying " I pinky pinkyy promise " . But i mean , I thinkk , I failed one of my classes ! virgin mate, there useless  i want 4g I know that you have a lot of follower but you'd make me really happy if you would follow me ♥ #pleasemakemesmile  - :) What the hell is going on here!!  I thought I'm not suppose to feel like this anymore!! Blah!! Kinda wish I wasn't off today! aww that sucks D;  can't level up noe.  I'm going to get married today :') so excited. haha why always you i've been thinking even im tried to love someone else and thats not working Massive headacheeeee sorry its not if he barks, it would be annoying :P & cute name. & i'm not so brutal btw I just wish I could feel like I had a chance that  would reply me. But I don't... not unless I have 100,000 followers Ugh they moved us from a fabulous huge lecture hall to a small one  now I don't have a row to myself #firstworldpains Girls be bored in class the fridge and cupboard are empty! Poor poppet my arm is so sore okeoke sorry I Hate It When My Mum Works Late, My House Is Scary At Night  xx R.I.P. Etta James#the voice of an angel is now an angel : ( Were all crying on the bus aww that sucks, i'm sorry  where'd you get it done? working he wont let me keep dem on for more than 2.5 seconds though Work please go faster If 'Which?' are going to investigate nutritional therapists, they could at least do it properly #TheTruthIs I hate highway Ah. I miss you so much. Tru Its All Good Fool., not checked today! Vomit city here with B :-( it's been a long day. Even put me off my cake! trueeee. I can't even bend over though lol sex with have to be on a hiatus Fuck cranberry juice My buddy's out of town.  Who wants to chill tonight? it's awesome! Wish I hot tickets to your gig in Belfast on Sunday :-(  Arme cute  heeft tweetjail Can I just go home already i cant honey my phone is fuked  xxxxxxxxxx Never been so worried about someone Hoping the gay doctor doesnt call my daughters name. He wasnt much help the last time i was here :-(My ankle hurt so fuckn bad.... Hope it dnt b on bs nxt sunday : ( ohh! Aah you are so lucky  I have been trying for ages.  Xxxx RT  Even me too  RT  Am nt ready sef RT itsUchman: Me too...we'll hang out abi?? ;) RT ... Rip nan  missing you already &lt;/3 Really missing my family wish I lived in rochester with all my ppl around getting lonely in this town  #BLAHMOOD I wish anyone could recommend me to Kim Chanho dude ohh myy 
why ? is it cause school ? noooooooooooooooooooooooo Believe Tour To Middle East  is no longer a TT and  didn't see it Boo fkin hooRT  My #TL is not refreshing I can't find  again! Oh  wat i do ?? RT  MarkDanso oh but you no dey force oh. boiled it down to Dublinn! My mum found cheap accomodation its jst flights tht r dear  need to keep an eye on them! RT  #ThingsIveLearned nunca dejar las llaves en la cancha, se las golean. RT   your right i dont like him stupid bastard didnt write back  to a girl who has had an awful day  HE'S ALL YOURS I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   23 RT  #ThingsICantStand being cold yes Super sad because a taxi is coming to pick me up in 15 minutes to take me to JFK... I miss Dj Helmer so much. Pissed i havent seen him since he's been home. oooh noooo  we'll have to keep you updated :) xxxxx  CVS is such a disgusting disease  bleh.  Hey BStan  is this photo recent? Like after her BIRTH? damn her hair  rockin it though Ms Manchester come back Sorry  I think I just take them way too seriously. And that scene is so beautiful that it was weird to watch it like that it is I realized that after I put it up  #allforyou Everytime I think about this day I realize that I will never have you back R.I.P Etta James  yet again another amazing music talent lost.. im not one for listening to music, far to busy for that lol. Ill find a song later once my little one in bed :) #theboyinstripedpajamas makes my heart hurt I will be in north Carolina story of my life  lol RT   SOPA tried and failed just like  "No Hits Aloud" You can't go? :-( that was the only bright light at the end of what has otherwise been a crappy day. Boohoo REALLY fed up Some cunt just took my towel from the side of the pool :-( You and ur boobs are mean Losing words with friends. #thisrarelyhappens  no, gutted to say the least :-( I thought my mom might have a heart and check me out so I could miss English and soccer...nope awwww! why??? izzit dat bad??  RT   u no try #oomf don't want me thoo lol I don't know my dad's mate said he'll look at it tomorrow might need a new engine I want to cry #mandown  xxx I wanna color my hair  lol Y SO LAZY    shoot me now :-(  RT  So sad that this Sunday is the last episode of  season 1.  :-( hopefully the bow tie dude again!! Cameron? He was precious Scared to tell my mum I brought a £10 app Where is  I'm feeling sad and neglected here... ahh I can't make it sorry I've been throwing up all day aw, yalllll so cuuuute :-**** RT  ;* RT  Got bitches but I just want Ugh I hate seein him like this In so much pain honestly I dnnno ooo jealous! I don't have a poundland near me.  how's ww going hun? X yaayy! cause imy alottt!   when your here you can come over here whenever and i'll help you with him. aliencriminal: What r u trying to do guys? you hurt my feelings don't know why my bbs arnt sending to you but doors close at 7 on sat I want a homecoming shirt but I forgot my money that's so depressing! the rent are being ass holes! I'm still working on them but its not looking good  x haha yeh, I bet I would be better at arranging your funeral than your parents ;) and this is a depressing subject feeling totally unwanted after months of being together is probably the worst feeling ever Mii phone realli keep hangin up :-( RT  "I'd rather go blind" on repeat. :-(  because my friends are boring and organised all their parties in February and none in January  what about you? x im so scared for #cbb tonight Don't cut it, You'll get brain freeze. I've got brain freeze Wia's ma princess??? I have a chair mat too! I would do it with you but I have an office mate now.  He might not approve of spontaneous dancing. In pain  #ouch Oh gorgeous babe! Yes unfortunately I am  are you? Xxxxx i cant help it  " To this:  oh c'mon. That is NOTHING. Here in Canada it's -20 C. Now that is cold I don't understand how photostream works on iOS Well damn RT  I really don't like when people say "Damn" when I get out of the drivers side.. Like damn, we all can't be 5'9 and up.. I'm little bitty Sorry  RT  I wonder where im going after dance?.. Whatever, she's dumb. Sorry your efforts got deleted  :D. it honestly gets you no where though.. still foggie, ugly mug lol RT  Me change mi yiye pawdie and she still ugly RT  Pray for all your frnds in the North not having a car is totally pants ahh, I see... I need to start going gym  oh cool, have fun! Well I'm meant to be at one restaurant thing right now, but... se arrechan aye a clicked link n sent mine +1 Wish my baby was with me BOTH all i do is meow meow meow and i need my best friend so we not going to Austin i have zero plans for my bday i missed my 11,000 tweet. tragic Today hasn't been good  
And this weekend will only make it worse. I'm not ready for everything that's been happening. #why.😭is horrid to me sorry I forgot bout the lyric thing..  can I still do it or not..?! okay we can all stop calling me mate now lack of sleep Computer mouse not working pissed off :-( and i thought i sucked! Haha jk. I missed 9. RT  R.I.P. ETTA JAMES &lt; NO WAY I miss the 90s Oh! I'm sorry to hear that, salamat sis! I just want to sleep... RT  Cancer is a bitch I miss last year, I want 2011 back already OMGG!!!! Its sooooo coold in Kuwaiiiiiiit !!!! I missss UAE Joe, my burrito was great but I think some of my co-workers weren't too happy  long wait, cold food, messed up orders trust me I've done it, the outsides and the crust is like breaking up but the middle is rock solid!! ahh really? At about what time? RT  Meanwhile, in my motherfucking uterus.. I hate being a girl took you a long time hahahaha! i know I provided you a job don't moan  go get another job if it's so bad!! obvs don't like them now but did love them :-( I'm friendless at Jurong. haha I am girl. I still don't know what I'm doing tonight yet?!?! I just wanna see my babygirl devyn RT  I haven't moved from my bed all day The thought of work over the weekend...eurrghh :-( 20 more Followers.  Please ?! RT  I want a homecoming shirt but I forgot my money thanks darling  might need too xx wah! Finally found a brown shoe on  website and guess what... No coupons! :-( just watched  in #Hawksbill Open... too bad he lost Just checked what phones I can get on upgrade.. They're all shit!!! I'm only 27 I am. Blood tests regularly, still no explanation :-( noooo don't leave me  you heard from them yet? I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   49 :-( been tryna get in contact with you allll day.. My internet is playin up RT   yoyo hunny bun whatsup//?? Cleaning up My mom is deffo tryna hint something. She's been buying me bare lip products.. Buy my lips are never dry Just had pitza I feel terrible! why? Why? Ohh Whyy Did I eat it?!?  #StupidDiet #StupidTemptation I hope my RIP tweet wasn't offensive. I can never watch scary films, as I always end up staying awake all night  plz Yoochun, asthma n smoking can b togth, im nver want to control u but plz love urself, plz love ur poor health..  sorry princess Not a good feeling :/ sorry for being a douche so I was right about him ? Told u nance  I did really miss u tho he needs help he's f'd up Yu aint never lied, I feel horrible :-( « I NEED SOMEONE TO COME TAKE CARE OF ME!!! :-(» that stinks! Just cracked my iPhone RT  RT  RT  RT  THIS SHIT NEEDS TO STOP!  &lt; :O &lt;  « hahaaa Its well wt Naija!  :'( " who re diz bastards? “ Boko Haram claims responsibility for Kano bombings.”" Edwin is dood WAAAAH !  what time you go to break? I already bought it from the bookstore by your school yesterday Dear  where can I get the nail ring?! I wanna have some  so gorgeous ..  I'm jealous! Can't watch it in the US yet.  I So Want A Reese Cup :-( This snow depressin me Don't wanna work  i'm so tired and i have a headache. How about some android love Aww. " Bored. Lmao!!! Am gonna si ha 2mao sef  RT  Yh...datz our Princi tlkin! " To get something ... follow back In a lot of pain, not happy  #bloodybackache I got so excited that Barney and Robin were about to get back together. I'm pathetic lol  AND THEY DIDN'T EVEN. Oh Barney &lt;/3 jelll! I haven't had a good old half peri peri chick in a good few months  x SOPA Is Dead!!!!!! aunque Megaupload sigue off Tired, eyes heavy, heart heavy and just down. It must be upside down day in hell today! #ImCrazy but I am a bit sane now RT  In the new apt wit my new furniture but dying of boredom cuz cable dnt come on til tmrw  play da game RT  Thanks to Kobe I don't trust Spanish girls...  nah4real. i don't feel well :-( I want to go home!!!! Northern Midwest. There's a couple feet of snow here. Too cold to take my pants off, even I know  It was too sudden because they were trying to fit it all in one episode. It would have been easier if he'd stayed! Fuck it's raining in Sacramento.. No skating for me no..  cuz im all out &lt;/3 no mas lol Gunna see my baby today later :) I miss her awwww I was trynna sneak a lil date in : (  #missionfailed lol... yea  not too sure right now, I'm researching a lot!! Xx One of my wedding songs. :-( Gottttttt  Cannot sleep .... Or maybe i dont want to . You also havent sleep . RT  For almost thirty years now I've been checking the back seat for an ax murderer, and there's never one there. RT  hard to move on when you always regret one.... he don't wana come out mannnnn  smh I wish u was here. U going miss the delivery! Edwin is dood I kno I Jus shouldnt have gotten use to that everyday  its ok though followers kita tak back to normal lg. Kurang 200+ really want a parka coat but the one i want is £190 ach so. ... Fußball. :-( RT    Etta James The Singer Died - I just broke up with my girl. Need your motivation shout, Rock.  You're my spirit and motivation. looool that's a good idea :P ya I mean I'm a little closer to them but its still frikin hard I'm hurting baaaad Edwin is dood Had an utterly shit day at work today, and to top it off i think im coming down with a cold too! #TopGear! Oh it's #TopGearUSA never mind  A show that I watch but still dislike it.yay! It's so nice here this morning! Not often I get to see this anymore RT   i'm always bored when i'm not on skype to you  see you tomorrow babyyy xxxxxxxxxx is ignoring me yes sir! But it's supposed to snow bad Oh, really?  Poor dog.   Maybe he wasn't kid friendly?  That little one is so freaking cute! My pick n mix sweets all over the floor in the cinema :-( I've only ever listened to it, and my laptop's broken so I can't watch it  #fail x I made her wait all night and I didint even get to see her  #MajorFuckUp nopes VISA issues  RT    u didnt go to Macedonia? Dude this guy is gorgeous...if only Sighh' grammy was checking up on me today  ii wanted her to come home soo bad I wanna go back to high school  I miss seeing my friends everyday and feeling like there's always someone I know around Seeing so many tweets about  convo this morning....makes me miss it  anyone wanna tell me who the speaker was? RT  I hate texting ppl without iPhones lmao I be having to use them lame ass smileys. :)  :/ ;) So disapointed that I wasn't a harry potter fan from start ! I was 2 when it first got realeased  ! Y does it have to end ? RTRTRTRTRTRT   Seriously... I hate some parts of my life I love ketchup  RT  Minus the Ketchup. RT _NotYouFatJesus: Shit goons eat. I'm cold and I'm sitting right next to the fire Bored!! Someones talk to me Chillin in the business department, Got my laptop, my ipod...........& my math book. -___- I hate math ....thought i was having probs only... twitter like  everybody else must need a break i guess... :-(  #MrCelebUK please you don't understand how much it would mean the ammount of times I have attemted to meet them  xxfhjfd RT  I wish my hair was naturally straight noo  I never heard anything about it FINALLY back from  's house~ I feel so sad I was the earliest to leave  I miss  (cont) lol, that's right we don't have each other number Just stretched and rolled outta bed and banged my head. Now it's bleeding!!! please can I have a tweet I ask and ask  your so beautiful too bad your at school awwww &lt;3 funny part is we have no ride Alla yr7mh☹ RT" Our driver's uncle just died  he couldn't stop crying  allah yr7mah RT  Not enough RTs  Get this tweet to 200 RTs & u will see us post vids of us in g/g, b/g & solo #xxx amateur #porn action we did! Harry's in Ed's montage video and he looks super cute lol but he  ain't in the real video finally got home from the ER at 4am, got about 4 hrs of sleep after taking care of everything and now getting ready for work  #boooooo  it just hit me now as I'm like reading Coop Obituary like this shit is real. yeah me too  and i've got to revise for chemistry and make a english powerpoint... You're so cute!! Be mine? I should be over your friendship for not seeing you NYE!!  will I see you Feb. 3rd?! My #FF might be a little late today .. sowwy :-( Oooof, I am extra homesick today. I miss  and  and all my #DC peeps. hehe ma hostel's power plant RT  Decipher_GH reali?mine isnt bk yet SNOW PATROL and in raging I'm not there x Awww baby I miss u more  RT  Yom_mie im missing u too much Me too!  ohhh RT   bet we end up goin tho belle ffs my mum refuses for it to be seen  and yes I moaned for a reason, it really hurts! haha and I heard your exam was awful :/ George you stopped replying..i thought you was mad at me RT  The best place to see  is when he plays at rave party. Not in ɑ club.. Have fun guys. Me and boi going home.. I MISS MY FRIEND becoming a virging again tho! Bin over #5months sis Me too  " I just wish I could graduate at HHS with  and  :c" sorry baby leher sakit bgt! di safely remove hardware bisa? RT  This Friday night is going to be so boring, nothing to do :-( he's my qt teacher... :-( That sounds like my day. yea i tried bbming you its not working I did! :D But I have to send them back  &lt;/3 gonna need a bigger size :) i say goodbye megaupload that sucks! I just want to be fine  oh and I have to tell you later how it goes Aqqui por la calle , con muuuuuuusho frio  y ud :$ cadê você? -___- Your ass is the size of Jupiter. RT  Lol I have no ass RT  No new followers 
Please RT and please give me shoutouts!
When I reach 3000 I'm givig everyone shoutouts! :)
Just ask me when I reach 3000 Yeah my mom told me when I be in hight school I must leave twitter coz it have alot from my time I have lost track of all the things I lost lately :-( I bit my tongue like 3 days ago and it still really hurts RT  Tonight would be better if we were all here. :-( I think I've got a feeling I've lost inside :) I don't wanna eat UR Shit left me hangin today I know that feeling follow follow follow me :'(!!!!!! Please ,ilove youh aww I guess ur not so excited anymore  don't worry there will be plently more "attractive guys and josh" #hehe  im sorry  When I woke up from the 1st I went back to sleep and dreamed a worse one. Theyre not fun nope I'm working all weekend  I'll be in London next week though :) or see if you can come up to Cambridge next friday?! RT  Double elastics on my teeth... People with braces just can't be attractive Hahahaha! 3mins frm mine :'( RT  5mins drive frm my home I wish my car workedd  my mom won't let me take hers noooo , I wont do anything Friday night,
empty bank account. You don't know what you've got till it's gone.... Feelin kinda funky.. And not in a good way your missing a prime movie dirt day. # I haven't talked to my boyfriend all day dnt think ima b able to deal with my stomach hurting like this RT  “ Singing legend Etta James dies at 73   #cnn” it's the bitch that sings in levels I know  sad moment we will defo b out next saturday for MA BUFFFDAYYYY xxxxxxxx Naa, Ms Clay said he had to do something I'm so dumb .. I threw my mascara somewhere when I was mad & now I can't find it to save my life  Its my best mascara too . no not without me :-(Recording #CasualConversation tonight. Gonna 8 Mile this shit and be done. Trust me I wanted to bring the pain but was asked not too My foot is killing me tho i wish i was in the class  #boo sign  now no flowers for me omg how do you gain them so fast :-( cos they have split  they did their last tour last year Not a good evening ! I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   58 man "At Last" is ringing through my mind like crazy. that used to be the song i sang when anyone asked me to sing  another legend gone. OMFN I'm gonna run out of pink vanish mid-manicure I miss home.  Should be home tomorrow I guess. Basically all my hair broke off and I need extensions in 24/7 now. And my girl needs surgery bc of skin cancer I still need to hire a prom date and guest to my birthday function Has had the worst day ever Mum says I have to slow down when eating my food or choking will be the death of me  but it's just so nommy! i kno! so im skint  that is loyalty that is, oh and they look like granny ones! i dont kno how anyone can wear them things ha My brother likes being called Coo-Claire (._.) Took his man card in advance " When Kuhle becomes Koo-Claire  that's crossing I know Made me sad to see a girl without any confidence whatsoever, yet trust a complete stranger to make her feel beautiful You don't know what you've got till it's gone....  #truesay Dey whin me " Na just 2k naa. U still be boss"  " #62000""" That's why I'm not excited for Graduation. RT  Etta James you were a legend that paved a road for female singers. RIP Etta James. I left Cuz it wuz too pacced, not even a bar seat RT  Ppl dnt start pointing fingers before we know the full story I find it really upsetting when I wake up at two and no one has tried to contact me at all Yes noo we never will be our life will never go on  hahaha #sike lmao RT  Can someone pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeee bring me qdoba or chick fil a to my job :-( its too cold for me to walk #rip Etta James  "Sunday Kind of Love", is one of my all time favorite songs isit your purple bb that broke?  that phone was so cute lmao (  live at RT  we all do! RT  I have an addiction Popsy and momsy annoying me at the same time. Now i don vex go momsy say i no wan eat. And i dey H Batt yellow ( live on am bored as well  u need a fukkin cam man I gonna cry because  doesnt Follow me  I admire you so much. You are My inspiration  I love u Kidrauhl. This is My wish.
5 where in Tx r u? I missed it Imy  . RT  So the drink I posted earlier is haram and I drank half of it ffs  THANKS don't ask lol...manic!!! Couldn't even go out for lunch with the rest of the office they had to bring projects team takeaway are Yu serious  RT   I hate you so much for not stickin' to yo word . grrrrrr , RT  Hindi pa po  But I'm in Vegas po.. there's Caesars Palace here too---Hey Jonny,I know,galing ... RT   hahahaha sickoo it seriously freaked me out Nd i was on my own I had to leave work early today  I hate kissing out on money. Can't believe I missed the candy tree Damn takeaway! Making me feel ill :-( I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   57 Hey &lt;3 i have to work at 5:30 law yait wyach AA “   lol heyyy and I know  After our class cheerleading has (cont) Aha oh dear! I'm sure it still looks cool though! :P. I hear they fade really quickly too! absolutely worth it. I'm jealous. Look for somewhere I can get the Mass Effect 3 Collector’s Edition on 360 but everywhere I look only have it on ps3 and pc My twitter is not loading propperly get home! The wirral is boring!!!!!!  #hateplayingmumtofay said his going to follow 100 fans per day but whenever he tweets I'm always asleep  this sucks RIP heavenly voiced Etta James  RT  In pictures: Etta James, legendary US soul singer who has died age o73 ash My heart is breaking listening to the song what should I do from the drama you're beautiful!! Photo: sofies-travels: Awwws, I never see anything that amazing when I go through the park  Awesome... getting burned by this blow dryer Sorry I was supposed to be back for home ec but it was too late when I was finished in Donegal Sorry guys.  In future, I'll be nicer. &lt;3 Lyn... This woman. :-( That shit stung so much dont  cry .  you are beautifullllll !! Smile BIG ;D :* sorry babe  I'll be back before you know it So I had a stomach virus on NYE, now I have my period on my birthday...whyyyyy!!!! why am I being punished Heyyyy  im boreddd.  when do you come back? 5million!? Whaaaat.. thats nuts! You must be smashing some serious time in on that bad boy :P im on 120k  #struggling i'm tired, my vacations are boring I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   56 she's always like that its annoying Don't know what to say; praying that this is a wake up call for her RIP to the great Etta James I miss you already  I don't know what is going on in this apartment.  #isthisreallife? I was gone redye my hair but I forgot and washed it so I gotta wait some days i miss you guys I guess I have to unfollow you now just checked & 1H92 1719 & 1H96 1759 London Charing Cross to Hastings both don't stop at Tonbridge  #southeastern ahahahahahahahahahahah:D still u call it jail :P:P:P thats awesome ! i wish pakistan mein b yeh hota  yahan tu 6 days colleges ! Omg. BIG slush puddles everywhere... Where my boots at?! Don't want to ruin my Louboutins!!! Good Night Friends 
Love me now, love me never,♥
But if you love me, love me forever.♥

You pRomIsed to tAke... Couldn't make it  lbs I guess your definition of night and mine differ. Unbelievers are more than believers I dont want to go out in the cold  I can honestly say im the coldest person I know don't die  ill text u now and you tell me all the secrets ??? .Bacc OnTht Work Flow ,I Jss Hope I Can Make It The Whole Night  Not Feelnn Good But They Don't Care I was at center parcs last week! It was great, until I came back to work this week :-( oh no, megaupload gone?!? :-( (oh yeah, that will end all piracy woes for sure. Riiiiiight.) My baby just left awe that's a huge shame  but ill be back for February break! See you then ? :) I am craving pho, sushi, pizza & steak all at once. Too bad Im not having any of those things for lunch today It's Friday and I feel like crap... Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy? I hate being sick RT   awh I knoww! We NEED to meet sometime! And yeah I heard  I hope things are okay between them:/ :-( thinking about you allnaaah hopefully tomorrow  xx I can't.  But I can any day next week! I hate going to crowded places ugh yes and a migraine since Tuesday  I might be late today Was pissing of rain no chance i was walking /: and theres like a forest near me have to bolt it throught that  #2scary xx , WHY lie to me? when i be true to you me sientoo tan #foreveralone ahh boo  musta started with me then lol! But god knows where I got it from aw my lil babas x Glo is goin all MTN on me RT  I GIVE UP WITH THE GIRL I HAVE A CRUSH ON Dont Feel Good At All : ( Should totally follow me... I'm a big fan *cries*   ( live on I am missing you alsoo  why don't bbm me? (●̮̮__●̮̮) RT  I'm kinda missing  since last day we met. Why? Cos ur not getting it.  RT  *mutes sex, baps and can get it* -__- oh well, there'll be more :) I got sick with less than two days FML , I'm gonna take a hot shower now i wanna wear my bun 2 work but i cant ugh you're tearing me apart man! S/o to my brother  for leaving without saying goodbye  #loveyou oops sorry 30 mins late jeallllous, those calls used to be for me  aahahaha #Rosalita #DancingInTheDark thanks again Kath.... still have him after four years  hell. that looked delicious to! Man havent seen cha'kari since this morning Just dropped off my car to VW. I'm gonna be a scrub until 5pm. yeah but it's no fun  xx RT  The only thing I'm gunna miss about last semester is my lunch table not soon enough yeh man lmao bad the hunting bit tho  and the man who had to box another person haha cuz th other one backed out hahaha  so only answers on Facebook count? He now has #Seminole blood in his veins! #TeamoftheNow #CamIsGone #SadPandaBarners Not everyone loves house music...... Tunnneereeeeee, puts me in the mood to go out  xxx when someone runs into u in the hallway and doesnt say sorry! when u do a new minecraft vid? RT  I hate working every day  atleast I'm making good money that way ;) Cheering tonite. Don't really feel like it  I wanna sleep -.- - Dear my inspiration, I just broke up with my girl. Need your motivation shout, Rock. Driving the porcelain bus  awhhh why??  yeahh, its been pretty boring, but okaay hehee :) xxxxxxx  #MrCelebUK please you don't understand how much it would mean the ammount of times I have attemted to meet them  xxerjher yes :-( #ThingsICantStand Nightmares... It's just so cold here But Rod I'm in love with you. We can't be together because you're so far away  lol noooooooooooooooo!!! i dont wanna live without you!!! at least not in french class Toothache will you please just bog off!!!! I just want to have one, ONE, good day.  *sigh* but I'm a fat guy :') omg thank you. No .. I just dos the exam... I didn't understand half listening part ugh #ThingsICantStand when my mom yells at me  RT if you agree Baby?  im cold again im going to the mall! Aww no  I could try get u something signed if I can if u want ? Xx RT  It's Marco Simoncelli's birthday. He would turn 25 today.  RIP Super Sic. not going bowling tonight I miss the shit outta some people but I'll get over it :-( aww I'm sorry, hopefully you'll feel better real quick! I gonna cry because  doesnt Follow me  I admire you so much. You are My inspiration  I love u Kidrauhl. This is My wish.
9 Amen! RT  Kano is under siege! Deae God save & protect innocent folks including my sibling! Very sad day Wishing i had of got up and went running when i first woke up at 9  #SleptWayTooLate wahhh Aawwwww RT  I guess I wont be having a Valentine this yr! I wish I could go to Miami next month  But school comes first! a mllk shattoo vaaaiii see fodde'H porra ,, i dont wanna go to this class......... all i wanna do is sleep. New argos catalogue. Not impressed guise RT   NEVER FORGET THAT BELIEBERS WILL BE ALWAYS THERE FOR YOU! #AlwaysKidrauhl ! Happy Birthday Kidrauhl! RT this please!  33 RT  Not enough RTs  Get this tweet to 200 RTs & u will see us post vids of us in g/g, b/g & solo #xxx amateur #porn action we did! I wish I had something todo uh oh i'm sorry 2 hear that   maybe u did better than u think tho...i'm good, how r u? #MrCelebUK please you don't understand how much it would mean the ammount of times I have attemted to meet them  xxhehjer My cat I would but got work I wish twitter didn't kill my iPhone Hopefully, when she owns that she is just as intelligent &amp; as she is beautiful, she'll find the right King for her. Not a puppy prince realy pissed of right now RT  Guys doing step overs with your weave RT  Hate it when everyone goes out and leaves me :-( RT  feelin' really home sick tonight Went into reflection mode for like 1 hour.. #myheadiseverywhere! Things just dnt feel right True life: my mom likes her new car more than me I miss you!!! &lt;333 hopefully I can make it to knox! RT  i miss  today and i wish she was 3 hours closer to me :-( I don't have a iphone  you sent me a rectangle i love you my man  brazil loves you! xx Man I wish somebody would bring me lunch to work I am in love with  One Directions new video.. Devastated I'm not going to their concert next week I hear ya. 😒 RT   I was just bout to text you , then my phone broke Yes you are ! : ( yes she is ok but her body hurts a lot it's sad  we have too many friends who have children with Autism & we have a nephew as well FEEL MYSELF GETTN SICK AGAIN missing you Not feeling goood at all..I wish  would just put up the video aready! hahaha its okay, i'll live, but I can never find any posters of bands in magazines  only ppl like JB and Usher etc -.-' :P RT  Singing legend #EttaJames has passed away.  :-( i wish i had a car  i hate feeling stranded all the time and hate asking for rides I Know  I hate it when they Fight :/ #sad what about yesterday I Miss My Baby. C'est insupportable ! Me and dakyla not talkin  but oh well ig No cause he won't leave he will be back cause he will be missed if he does leave Buy for grace n Anuel,God bless U :D RT  Me too naw.. " I want 1  RT  #MacBook_Pro...." HAD ME ONE THIS MORNING LOL RT  Im at the office wishing I had a ice coffee from Dunkin Donuts iknoww, waahh makes me so sad,next two weeks are nat gonnna be fun #MrCelebUK please you don't understand how much it would mean the ammount of times I have attemted to meet them  xxewhgwe asif all my favourite people  x I'm not up for dancing tonight :-( unfortunately this recipe has been penned for our recipe column in the lynn news for two weeks time  .... RT  i realllllly wanna go to El Salvador in March What is this I'm hearing about snow this weekend....imma have to get a cuddle buddy its no fun being snowed in by urself you seen the A5 chip jailbreak has been released. Check  timeline. I want an OSX machine :-( got my last piercing on my birthday (8thNov) &' it still hasn't healed  walla bummer (n) To com sono Would Love To Be Famous For A Day :)) And Also That I Would Have More Than 6 Followers.... Seriously Looks Like I Have No Friends  Booo &lt;3 RT   And still receiving gobs upon gobs of money from lobbyists and Super PACs. I just want one good day.. you're right Just bugs me when people get obsessed with famous people, sorry. I'm working on it Funny thing about letting time decide.. It always seems to decide #toolate i feeeeel like my bestfriendd is just gone....  come bacc babe. when are you getting your other account back? i'm really sorry :-( twitter has sent messages without me knowing! :-( xo RT  I'm so bored! Nothing to do on this ped day Just fallen in the bath  been this tired is dangerous lol. Ouch! X RT  :-( what? yea its 18+  id love to see terravita again poooop Thirimanne got my message ? :O i don't love him  I lovvvvvvvvvvvve Chandi :P #SAvsSL dont laugh at me : ( im not going to that party  said no high schoolers arrr no. That sucks. :-( I actually HATE living in Sheffield. Can I come and live with one of you? Once again, my hopes for System Shock 2 have been dashed. :-( Believe Tour To Middle East ........  [Like it?  ] Finally in Pärnu! Loves it. Love my cat also, missed her so much I wanna play the rock paper scissors lotto thing i hate that!! I miss my pinkss I miss  &  ! I wanna see my baby Lombo sxanan!!! RT  Bole request adele ? i dont know why school makes me so tired, you hardly do anything I'll wake you up tmrw ok2?" I miss home.  Should be home tomorrow I guess. " welllllll, dad sold my car to get me a new one and I shouldve had it today butttttt I havnt got it yet seriously it should of always been 18 & over we could of still had that rave here wahh someone cll me  i miss him alot nope, no wine I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   63  Maybe I'm wasting my time “  wish I could go this weekend  #everythingmustgo exhibiTion jst dd RT  Ask her! RT YesAm_Scott: lie! :p RT  Wiv me :)  RT YesAm_Scott: Wherez Half a year left of high school  #realitycheck A girl in the office just had a diabetic attack. The scariest thing I've ever witnessed  #Icantstopshaking #AmericanIdol isn't the same without Simon.. So I miss  I haven't seen her all break or even after Such a party pooper on my way to work..didn't wanna leave #A27 cloooosed, between whyke & donnington - looks like an accident, hope no ones seriously hurt - do , which is more comfortable for me. I'm also a fanfiction writer. I wouldn't be able to share what I write. #MrCelebUK please you don't understand how much it would mean the ammount of times I have attemted to meet them  xxfhjfr You might get attracted to another person but you won't ...i hate this :S it's 9:17pm& he is in Kuwait, he told as he will come today & we r waiting him my friend said that he would bet me anything that you would leave the Texans for a higher paying team! Would you? class at three, wanna chill with my cousins  and  but i can't cause i stuff to do tomorrow  #sadtweet booooo. this chick is working. definitely don't want to get out of bed again todayy  RT  Things just dnt feel right when? Idk how ima get there My account is hacked!! SORRY if I send out weird messages or tweets! I gotta come download soon,missing out  d'u know when filming stops for this season & whether more dates will come out? Xx So chizoba doesn't have food in her house.. I'm doomed suney blocked me most likely not it freaks me out! They have so many puppies at the Animals Shelter right now  it's so heartbreaking Sem vontade de ficar no twitter  bjooo Feel better, baby &lt;3 RT  Woke up feeling like shit Would really love some tacos but I don't think i'll find any in Wilmette  #whitepeoplefail #hungry Bout to go to algebra to finish my test  #wishmeluck Am i really 59 this year Ohhh not good RT  , WHY lie to me? when i be true to you I know :3 everyone in Sheffield is horrible, they don't even reply to me when I say morning Headache!!  RT  Brazil Wants The Heartbeat Tour | QUERIA DAR UM ABRAÇO NA JESSIE DIA 27/03 oh no! A ticket? I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   62 ya when I move here  unlucky that just broke my heart. It's a Friday night & I don't feel right  Sorry, it wasn't meant to rhyme! But As Of Lately All Of My Followers Have Gotten Tweets From Rih" . also getting some shots in at today's  practice.   looks awkward. Get well man. I hate it!  you'll see tomorrow but it's like Oh my god soo different!! :L dont know if I actually can! so many dates, so little time  but look on the bright side I is coming on Saturday now! #MrCelebUK please you don't understand how much it would mean the ammount of times I have attemted to meet them  xxdnd i swear that you RT, and you follow everyone but me.   notice.me.please? :) follow.me.please? retweet.me.please? &lt;3 Red me : ( i want more drugs and food wahh my phone is dead Ha, like I would actually tweet about that..good memory! RT   Ohh. I thought it was a concert & we could hear you sing. RT  , WHY lie to me? when i be true to you  I wanna see Joyful Noise, Queen Latifah Dolly Parton, whats not to like? No one will go with me! I swear my dreams are getting more real. Poor Charlie. RT  Haven't been to the mall in a week :/ ~&gt; hey u  freakin fancy miss thing I  hit u up Neee tfoee reclame I was not able to watch the last 10 min   .. but really.. Elijah ??. Yayyyyy (happy) yea I kno man  I need to see him and its not happening anytime soon fun fact: I'm not going anymore LOOOOOL! You missed it, tom daley tweeted you then deleted it Oh my it might never rain in IB again  RT  I'll be in a relationship before it rains in IB. checked tagged picture but not there. Maybe she'll change her mind. Dang. :-( They just finished big friday show! Haven't watched it in a while OMB, chorei Loved the speed of that when downloading ROMs for my phone Laptop will not work at home  Its gonna be a long day tomorrow. after today, wine on the train is definitely called for.... Emotional doesn't even cover it Yeh think I can  will see NZ before the game anyway, and are u watching enl2 Sunday??? I might try n go xxxxxxx SHUT UP IM GETTING IT CHECKED OUT Seeing Mr.Sieben at starbucks right now was unexpected closer  #social30isover #hotteacher ...but totally forgot about it  xxxx ALLOWED or.......RT “ “  SOPA tried and failed just like  "No Hits Aloud"”” - I hope she doesn't get caught in that snow storm  ... Me to  RT  Feeling icky today #idonotlike. I was so lonely in physics.  i hope you feel better soon! I love you! &lt;3 I didn't got  motivation tweet. Just got broke up with my GF. noooo fack it , geen reclame the boys should come to switzerland too! Just paid my tuition  boo #UniversityLife on the plus side I get to sit beside the East Indian  &lt;3 I'm in loveee Hmmm... let me check...  Sorry. B&W was pretty slammed this week. Being scanned today. I love you, but... DO YOU LOVE YOUR BELIEBERS? Please RT
And fallow me if you care... RT  Can not stand when ppl just read my kiks. Great so I may get a roommate soon yes it seems, but there are people agreeing in SOPA, already Sony, And WWE and other major companies support SOPA! Responsible tweet  RT  ughhh i want to go shopping  fuck them damn textbooks that stole all my money lol I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   72 Dang  I hope you're better now, school can be a pain in the ass sometimes -__- Hopefully tha lesbian tweets will escalate ;] lol RT   I miss you too baby, come here taking pictures of people sleeping on the bus is rude   too bad you failed! i know I know :-( I'm going to school this. that's good that it's going well for you... Are you still having that party? oh dat was you , I had to reset ma phone & lost all ma numbers  im bouts ta save yo # now ! Foooooooocking back! Don't hurt for ages and then its decides to put me in fucking agony So basically my parents don't seem to think I will be able to pass my driving test in a manual, well thanks for believing in me  x my book isnt signed and I pre-ordered it Fla could be sweet! RT  So wish you would open up a bakery in Parkland, Boca or Coral Springs, Florida. ahhh my phones trippin! dghjndshgsdgs why change? Home :-( RT  omg im forever alone  come here #MrCelebUK please you don't understand how much it would mean the ammount of times I have attemted to meet them  xxeded MEGAUPLOAD is NOMORE MY FIRENDS. .  . .worlds coolest file sharing site . .ended up in hands of SOPA and PIPA. . fingers and toes crossed although it aint gonna happen  xx YES  RT  i dont know why fat people get offended when you call them fat. well you're fat, arent you? sorry beatrice.  we need a revolution. Im about to head to woodstock   ! and you're never online nowadays, how am I supposed to know you're going through all this? *cries* I'mma Get Esdras to beat you up awwww   you know where to find me if you wanna talk or whatever you feel the need for, right? and I are so heartbroken  lol, even though its not that funny. someone yell at  because she won't watch it with me Seem to have spilt my port ... can u ever notice and follow me  &lt;3 ohhh -.- ohh that's well mean  where did you say you live again? x aw man yu suck lol my mama made me come today I had one today from the good ole starbucks... Its just not the same... today is not good.  I have an audition at 5 and class council stuff all day I really need 2 stop letting things stress me out... Excema on my face is not a good look   #breath and #relax RT  Come back  and Willow  I miss you!!!! Love, Floyd my evo got turned off so i cant keep up with  now I miss Tyger already  help me.. aha x x  twittea algo  asjdhajdf I miss you :'( It was warm here now it's going bone arse cold  Currently snowing! lls but I love bacon Grandma ill and havin a mare figuring out how to even make a phone call :-( “  I know.. I went back to look at it again and it was gone!! Damn damn damnnnnnn”--explain!! I missed it RT  I so wish I was seeing Jason Aldean tonight RT  Ready to go home " Im really trying to eliminate cursing"  me too Tiff my son is starting to copy in such a bad mood RT  RT  I hate how I'm always so cold! RT  Each time #PEOTV is stuck, a wicket falls baby I vent seen u in weeks :-( Poorly me My baby bout to die Snow Stormmmmm? ahhhhhh Nooooo idk anything about this castrophe... ,Hitt Myi Knee && Itd Hurts Veryeee Bhad!LOL you will never follow me Lambs Conduit. So annoying as means I then have to cycle back in dark Haha Aww! Miss those days Ahh  How are you today? LOL. Hey b. " XFolarin_OCD  hello baby geh"  Nope RT  Na bomb ? RT  I'm scared to sleep  hearing noises @ my window again no idea  it started like 4 days ago and its spreading and getting bigger. It's so ugly lol RT  Come back  and Willow  I miss you!!!! Love, Floyd Just read a tweet from  SPELLING HER OWN NAME WRONG! I am loling so much! Ahh I miss you blondie how's England without me? Mum told me that trixie got one of her front legs stuck in the cone! I'm not supposed to be dining out though dnt be lol it's not in my hands jus yet omg I know, thanks  haha! i have a new number  mines is 7099187 I wish I could eat properly!  Why does   C3 have so few job posting?? RT  BELIEVE TOUR TO MIDDLE EAST. Keep it trending till Justın♥  sees it you are everything to me ok??????  ill always be by your side SupportWakeUpBrasil Addicted to Football Manager again I hate snow with all my heart. Nap time # hate feeling sick OMG your fanfic is so amazing :o I cried  &lt;3 I just woke uppppp! What're y'all doin tonight lets do somethin RT  I wish for once, everything would just fall into place instead of being so stressful. I don't have the energy to wash my face let alone my hair at the min lol so I doubt I'll be able  but let me know sure :) xx I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   83 ohh no  its okay ill come save you soon , whats up ?? didn't feel good :-( felt like I was bouta die but I'm ok cuz thx for askin Clealry!  " I'm with someone and that person aint you..." No beer tonight, football tomorrow I WANT MY CAT TO COME HOME RT  Dont Feel Good  . #Sick maybe try following again, it still thinks you're not. :-( please follow me you never notice my tweets and I don't think you will ever notice or follow me either  but I LOVE UUUUU ;) Pfff 1-1 I need you WHEEEEEEEEEY !! the chips aren't big enough tho RT  I Don't Wanna Go To Work Today : ( I Would Much Reuther Lay In Bed With Yu : ) I have first lunch today ! Imma be lonely lol RT  Soo jealous of  she is at the concert right nowww   &lt;3 I loathe lemsip so much  Sadface, Etta James died :-( #beyonceainthavenothinonher RT  I miss my pudding that is half chocolate half vanilla.. :-( I'm so behind lol...noooo not Ruby because its about to downpour snow  and because i'm so bored as well. its really that deep As you like john  don't worry you'll get happiness, anyway you're enviable ;) This week last week we were going to melery  good times :) aww I miss the pep rallys  Titans Class of 09!! sangat , tp what can we do ? Nothing ok, you will not give me rt ? just wanted to be answered first time in my life by  : ( 7 RT  Can not stand when ppl just read my kiks. In the end I cudnt even pee I just hopped off da toilet and limped in2 my room crying I miss u, and I miss TVXQ. Please comeback  I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   82 but i will miss your cute foxxeh face :-( RT  Half a year left of high school  #realitycheck So sad about Etta James  RIP #EttaJames your legend lives on I miss RT  Why does my back always hurt, im 17 ' to coom SAUDADES doo meeeu fiiel   preciso veer ele ruun :@   *-* I don't wanna be #foreveralone  wah fuck it no joke. But dont be a stranger! It's been too long  #missyou! my eyebrows are bush up  but im gonna have to grow it out. stress I was going to bake, then got sick and forgot to put it back in fridge whats wrong? Business wehehe It may be time to get up so I can get stuff done on my day off. Im going to have to make a check list bc I'm already forgetting things. :-( LOL how u know I was talkin bout u! “  “ I'm about to unfollow u....these RT's are foolish lol”” ahh shiteee how long you been on the bus? I have the spray not the tea  waaaah! Going to miss you Ashleigh! I miss you badly tipo cold weather&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Rain+cold weather because I have to pack. Just got an email from a reader having issues commenting on my blog - anyone else having trouble? Of course its going to snow this weekend I have gained hardly any followers recently, it's sad :-( RT  damn how'd you know  lol im jk RT “ Yes cousin yuh rr a whore !” From riding a bike...unfortunately not from a good pounding sorry only seen this now! I can't remember if I used the $100 credit on mine or not. I'm sad. No news of you !!! ikr, so depressing and boring Without me : (  RT  Happy Hour in a little :) I knowwwww!  have fun for me though I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   81 Cant say im not happy with him working and me and this school work i barely talked to him this week kano  that's what I heard RIP ETTA JAMES, I WILL SING "SOMETHING GOT A HOLD ON ME" AND "AT LAST" UNTIL THE END OF MY DAYS I'm so sad I hardly have any followers on twitter sounds fun and my weekend is psychology revision  xxxx Oh thiza Intersexions.. Not today come home  💛 I didn't see you guys!!ok, you will not give me rt ? just wanted to be answered first time in my life by  
10 LOL which one shuld i believe?   RT  He loves u too babes :*:* :D RT lepatohbahd OMG...  will not kill me i feel really bad ash bcs i did i'm very sorry oh boo  *thumbs down* to  Ohh no.. Episode tu Junsu jadi highlight... Oh.. Not now.. RT  i've neglected my Tumblr. i am sa because we're not talking like usual Lol CLEVER  RT  Cus he was playing the heat ...oooh! Lol “ Why is 24 so packed today miss youuuuu  #loveyousomuch Oh Ard & I wasn't invited, : ( cool to tristeeeeeeeeee Cc  RT  I can't help it, I'm a pouter RT  I miss my hair now i never see u anymore I WANT YOOOOU!  PLEASE TWEET ME? i give up on this bloody nokia phone omg RT  Those ppl that drive slow when you just wanna get home irritate me  10% +1 is socially acceptable not 10 below !! Omg  are you leaving #towie  ?! X not sure where the fun will be without you two           :-( My right azz cheek iz juzt now ztartin to hurt from dat zhot the clinic gave me my legs are sore already!! shin splints  ouucchhhh! Anyways do another dumb presentation thing  Uggggh i would love too pan but i think i'm under house arrest. I know i'm crap I need to pee but i must on disturb the sleeping cat which lays upon me you too :-( RT  “  True or Falso?you miss being on "Sonny With a Chance?"” true I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   88 you better come to our game tonight.. Cause I didn't see you today to be honest if he was here I would turn him down! Hawu!  RT  Lmao RT  RIP Etta James. Who is she again? *googles her*  RT  RT  RT  RT  RT  #ThingsICantStand watchin my MOM cry I'm sure it will :) Really looking forward to playing it (if my crappy internet allows me, it says 7 hours to download it  ) Service Ontario ruined my whole day today  #ontario #onpoli awwww hayley that's not good!!!! R u alright? RT  Guys doing step overs with your weave  &lt; eiufojimnkfcd of course u can :) lol...I don't got my whip thou Damn, I hate nightmare. RT  I actually HATE living in Sheffield. Can I come and live with one of you? RT  "  RT  RT  This baby has cancer, Twitter will donate $1 for every retweet. RT  No new followers 
Please RT and please give me shoutouts!
When I reach 3000 I'm givig everyone shoutouts! :)
Just ask me when I reach 3000 Si :'( RT  hay ombe  RT  Migue_LSG Mi tia perdio su bebé hate calling chinese takeaways cos they never understand me you know that would actually be great  xxxxx  maybe another day then :) Ok o. :'( RT  hehe.RT  :O  RT Gbaymeee_: die o!RT  Haaa!! I (cont) i miss your long hair :-( the new site is gone too! even after Ann's inspirational pep talk? k Thanx was just wondering about how much it was cuz my lil man gon have to go thru it too RT  RT  Guys doing step overs with your weave  « #Tears So how many tweets is it gonna get for you to notice me finally? :/ awk serious  , how'd they go ? now i thing i have a LITTLE chance to be followed from you as i've been trying for so long.... please don't ignore me again ok, you will not give me rt ? just wanted to be answered first time in my life by  
9 I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   87 Oh god, I went to Rotherham and I literally feared for my life I have faith in my team, my coach doe :-( Wah at the dentist Sonny Moore PLEASE be alright  I couldn't listen to music anymore if you were gone ): I can't keep up because the essays are so difficult I don't feel like gettin any food...but I'm hungry live life to fullest. Awww honey.  *hugs* ; It's okay . & I'm sorry babe  But I think I failed fucking English , UGHHHHHHHHHHH . Drug (notyet) - tonight  feel unwell yay letting my nails grow & i already broke one :/ #fml it hurts soo bad RT  R.I.P Hopeton you will be missed I get really sad when I see them working and I know it's because they have shitty retirement incomes I'm not going next week ! missed 6.30 & 7pm  luckily got ticket changed to 8pm for free then man  gave me free hotchoc lol My poor hurt puppy  He can barely walk #poorbaby thanks for that btw  GOT SOME MASSIVE BRUISE ON MY BACK, joke But you cuss me! 2 months without my baby!? #KillMeNow Listening to Ne-Yo songs i jus lost a bunch of money on my car insurance  its was from the heart You left class too early  I'm not amused either!!! Amen! " Buy for grace n Anuel,God bless U :D RT  Me too naw.. " I want 1  RT  #MacBook_Pro...."" Forgot my sports bra  #firstworldpains don't forget about me! :-( Hope baby girl feels better ❤❤ RT  Takin maliah to the drs im not a baby  , i don't wana get older tho ! lol . Missing him suckssssss ahaha i feel sorry for myself man nutin is working Anytime my followers increase I think its  !  ahhh! This youngster needs ta click me' button.  Best thing i never had. . ! :-( yea....you're lucky tho.....i ran out of that in my house like shmack Moreno been calling me a spoiled baby all day Hurry please Ιм ѕσσ ѕℓєєρу&& мιι нєα∂ нυятѕ,вα∂ ¢σмвσ not in the mood! but I'm not home then  this surely cannot be allowed.Wah now i wont get home early cause youre on the bus and it takes eighty million years to get to your house : ( love you more  RT    &lt;/3 love you Aggh, every one is getting followed by   not happy at all, why not mee...awww anyway luv ya justin&lt;3:)!xxx My phone has a big crack in the screen You can know them forever but once a while goes by that you don't talk to them there a whole different person. miss you no texts yet  ill take my sim out and put it in again see if that helps :) so is it feb 3rd yet? RT  Terrell Owens: “I Don’t Have No Friends. I Don’t Want No Friends. I’m In Hell”  / I feel sorry for him god makes no mistakes but i've made a few :-( They should make boondocks :-( Wow My body YES I AM. Kmt  " Wow she's a girl" I don't feel fine right now oh crap. :L I have hair dye on the brain  my roots look grey :'( haha. It was a pure mad double blink, I'm sure which "type". He got off at Garrowhill.  he was gonnae be my plaything. as you never did in first place I'm going to be on the dole by the end of the month, things just aren't working out  So freaking sad..  #iwanttobeconferencechamps I guess if I get it ima have to mail it When you get the notification for the party your supposed to be at your mom not gonna let me  Quiz in 107. I haven't even logged onto Connect yet  have you? I'm in 104, 106, 107 & 109. You? hi sissy....u dnt luv me no more yeah!! I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   97 youre mean!!  thanks. I feel like shit again! hey there, fatty :) “ YES  RT Z: i dont know why fat people get offended when you call them fat. well you're fat, arent you?” hahaha that is not real life! It's fake life. lol & last night I fell asleep real early btw I wasn't ignoring you   #imanoldwoman I had a great time out with my girls tonight  I'm totally going to miss all these fun times ugh i sooooo wish you were!! me 2 but it's going to snow ! why i cant I need help translating that email we just got  I miss Lancelot!  He knew.... #sad haad fuun *_*&lt;3 except when Doppy died i will send u his pin RT   I forgot 2 send d request dat day Ma Ankles Hurt : ( I'm sorry boo. Imma be home soon like 2 weeks ! RT  Without me : ( RT  Happy Hour in a little :) imy tooooo Why do I attract ugly people ? RT  Get well very soon  *hug* true i guess! tbf i loved cardiff!! it's just not nice not having the option haha  you heard anything?ahh good!!!! same ha! plz follow me :-(  ily xxxxxxx Still no DM from her  lol peanut!  I feel like poop too! My head is spinning and I feel like I'm going to vomit. I'm leaving work soon! #dying Walking awkwardly because I'm sore my tomato soup froze  #idgaf Cobras. It's been a long time coming. I'm on my lunch about to grub haha. So hungry. you got I had to focus on school & now I miss tweeting :-( Depressing everyone on about going out tonight whilst I'm in work  #needawine bahahah now how does it feel! :P  aw v Not really as such, bit of shopping maybe, gng to buy new fish with my grandson, we had to have a funeral this week  xxxx I should be revising right now but im too tired i need  right now Can't believe it's been a week  #imissmymommy Haha i thought ryan drove past but it wasnt him  and yeah but hes being a bit akward :s do u want to give him a text? xx I'm so excited to #BELIEVE album and #BELIEVE tour! Follow me,please? Is my dream. #NEVERSAYNEVER right??   96 Didn't see either of our houses though  RT  catching up on the #locationlocationlocation in my home town Marlow  I meant to put a question mark but waaah how ? RT  My Twifey Don Changed On Me ... Yeah i know, its all work work work Hiw long u gone be home for cause ill bring him ova dereRT   my mother not tryna give me the car Feel proper crappy poo   send me huuuugs ? Xx I said Im sorrrrrryyyyyyy :-( yeh spoken to her now! Its not! Its organised!!! Lol in my own way ;) ha watchin katy perry vid! #sosad  xxx I am fucking heartbroken...  My interenet frozes when I try to watch videos on youtube. Wish you were here.. I love everything Missy ever made. I need another Missy album. My poor phone  I need a new one . Get me a baby elephant first? :-( Just saw this pic on my wall  RIP coolest couple ever i don't think i can be that brave, i felt ashamed and didn't want to talk to you about it Damn Not Duhnese Wanna Blow My Shit Back loool yeahhh you didn't hang out with me RT   no walk today as its raining here  I had chicken&stuffing, Gav had some weird meat stuff! #nappedinstead I wish  I have no money to go down anytime soon! I'm praying he can come up to see me, soon! #distancesucks Everyone is against Sopa.Sopa is the death of the internet.Glad it's dead now :) Imagine if we can't see Mars videos anymore what happened ?  xxxx watching movies alone  1needs to come soon so he can be out of school already ! I hate washing da dishes! I don't even wanna walk n the kitchen cuz I know dey waiting fo me Because of you I just tried The Little Black Bag, i'm #341 on the waiting list lol Just stood in a massive puddle, n ruined my boots!!! A big #ff to you all, hands too cold Don't feel good  :& ... i wont be around tonight  next timee I guess ill just see you later then not so good a week, to be honest #teamfollowback I hate when people dont answer me But there's no pics of me and my love I know x there predicitng it for next weekOne class I dont understand is algebra II, I want mr cobb back, I'll have a incomplete what's wrong your never going to notice me this just wont happen I feel so bad for my parents  wish i can help right now if i had the money to give to them i will give them every penny i have. that is horrible cillian!  poor jack! Keep real good care of him! Hope you're alright! do you know what i went to poke you but i cant find the poke button! First MJ, then Amy Winehouse and now Etta James? God is having a party up there and we clearly aren't invited Fuck I seriously think I broke my finger lastnight or something it really hurts goey no pude agregarte RT  Insomeee time RT  We Want Britney Twitcam  please brit! :D :D miss you you faked yesterday I'll have to wait till i get home to re-download it. for now, i'm via text malah ketawa???  RT  ƗƗɑƗƗɑƗƗɑ RT  hadehhh,,pake "z"  RT  Hehe mas riska :D RT  cup...cup...cup.. :) 4 essays to write... Usually an easy task but my mind won't stop wandering today but why u don't want to be my friend  lmao“ Old friends always acting like they dnt kno you unless something great Need someone to take me and 3 losers to mcds to get a mcflurry!  if only I could drive ahaha Jus lyk daht?? :-| RT  RT trust me B :D _zyNNIE: I hate not knowing who to #trust these days :-( he and Stephan are coming to Germany soon but the tickets to see them are like 300 dollars.. Wtf! I'm on a boat. Oh waffles. arrrr bless him :-( Cilla is dood This semester isn't going to be the same without my cuzo here, now who am i going to tweak with all night to co sdds tmb guria this new one with richard and his wife. Urgh! if i lay down .. im going to sleep why don't you take me with you?  oh wow good luck :D I know it is ahh it's miserable here RT  Sick sick sick.. where is  when I need him  -&gt; in #SanJose making this money baby! Gosh my bum is hurting! Choi. that's not fun  I'll find a way to cheer you up after work! sorry you're having a terrible day, D. :-( Tut :-( these english presentations are so long and BORING. and my iPods gonna die soon At least I know I'm not suffering alone Hudson Is Assimilated   #bomberman #bonk *melts into the hug* thank you! I don't hate rain...in other places, away from me  I hope tomorrow is better too Sun is BLAZING; Beach is FREEZING....deception at its finest  might as well snow......SIKE!! didnt know about it.. Wish I was gonna Corp  but I s'pose normal town will do. Its just gona get worst & worst !! im sad people are being butts to you this week : ( I hope i gets better and that Zumba is fun! WHAT HAPPENED TO THE SHARK? I DON'T LIKE THIS NEW IDENTITY OF YOURS I have no social life He broke me heart  I'll Neva get ova him , he was my first love ;( xoxo My last RT is sooooo sad  poor LFA aw what? I want a lion hug :-( lol it's alright . We're watching that stupid ass movie lol it was our last 5th period together  lol I know  Only way is texts or DM :L Yellow mall  NEVER has creamy dressing!!!  #disappointed very tired to talk to a couple of atheists Im upset I aint get to see  today " Morning dolls! Just finished a good workout! Did u guys work out today?" I wish! can never find the inspiration to do so :O  RT  I wee tell ur uncle RT  WTF?! This my uncle get "longer
throat"... :| RT  it seems like all males have another agenda.. I JUST WANT TO BE FWENDSSSSS WITH YEWWWWWWW i'll just get another one on ya bday:) thanks :-( RIP Etta James  I'm so sad right now! Body hurts! need a back rub agreed, it is frustrating IMA MISS U 2.. WE GTTA GET SUPER WASTED THE NIGHT B4.  I'M MISSIN U ALREADY! haha got out before that though Damn! I wanna live in Europe “  Same here baby tired like crazy” AWEE BOO BOO :-( i missed new girl and the bachelor again on wednesday. omg god obviously doesn't want me to watch that. tiki, from us working almost everyday together we only work one day together. this is such a heartbreak   #traplife son you say that Dreams came true but I'm still waiting for you to follow me writing again &gt;.&lt; ok dear, I'll see you tomorrow  bye :* Everybody wana fuckin wake me up out my sleep and shit  gruuuumpy! ahhh i forgot you know!! Omg I need a new car my car is dying *sheepish voice*Bros abeg leave ma sista na* RT  Cc  " *cockin (cont) how long yous got to wait #work drunk texting always gets me in trouble  #dontworrynoexcuses Very understandable.. I'm trying not to read any too I wish you'd come to kingston with me  gah. RT  Soo am I #Crafts ): xo RT " Gunna miss these girls .     #jenna aw  sorry i tried :) you can count on a S/O from me :D x ugh my back is still hurting This crazy how my smile just turn upside down your blog post has me in tears.   I'm so sorry! 10 people Bre! 10 people!!!  Aww:/  Me and  are missing 10 people at lunch! iMiss you too  so much guys  wish you weren't so bloody expensive :-( sad times dammit wish I would have seen you! nooooo  xxxxxx Going to play temple run & try to beat my score of 2 million, cannot get past it! come back made in chelsea ow! I have a sore head I'm missing you too so so sooooo much!  &lt;3 so one time I walked into a wardrobe and narnia wasn't in there...  neither was aslan.. Done and done! We didn't get RBF tickets before it sold out :-( haii (: i had to babysit  whyyy? missed me ;) i want to go to a fancy dress party  like a proper one! @ I love  Hes followed me but hasnt RT anything of mine of him  Im 1000% sure he wont x I'm home with a fever he leaves spit all over the phone we share I aint even told my mum I'm getting my tongue pierced, lool Left my cigs at the crib Damn I shouldn't have done that! Two jobs I really want are posted on the VS website.  Too bad I can't move yet. Resulted in playing demos becasue of my stupid ps3 maybe it's the material then, says china on my labels and packaging :-( follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  22 I do twin? Most of em already did  RT  “ facebook hella weak .. i hope none of them people come to twitter lol .” Everyone keeps talking about how me and Emilee are matching. We know we're wearing the same jacket, lets not talk about it I Can Say Im Not Putting Up A Fight, Because I Fought Before And Won; I Guess My Winning Streak Is Over. I'm sorry it was kinda last minute.... :-( ~ I wish I was...so sad. Sniffle, sniffle my little brother just pinched my face have a great night gutted I can't be there xxxxxxx  xxxxxxxx yeahhh atm, think beginning of feb I start 12 hours  people on my ward do 15! Xxx RT   Could Lila be any cuter?!?!?! She had to go the vet today she was sicky thankyou sweetie! i wish i wassss! Better than yday, but only a bit  xxx Dont wanna take dis exam She ratcheeeeeeeet ! RT   would call me Ratcheeeettt right now ok  wen you comin back I still haven't called you my b I be tired. should be. just got back from dupont. :) class is over till monday  
KP “  only thing is they jus look like any sonys in black #JustSaying” :-( but the red looked horrid I thought I was gonna be cold today  #toohotforuggs WHAT DO I DO?! the devastation when your iPod runs out of battery and you can't play temple run  #badtimes I'll be back next week. Eaten too much feel sick and rons voice is soooo loud I hatee it  wahh ugh, I've had that all week. And everything I drink makes them worse  I think a straw is the best bet here... I miss you Im 2 Good 2 get back home i've got math, french, science  I HATE MATH AND SCIENCE. So sad to hear about etta james haha i did that too - although hosp sent me home with a big bag. ermm quite poorly unfort  v.slow recovery I wasn't well earlier  but I'm all good now :) how's you darling? xx Lmao i'm jp! I was busy blowing my hair out last night. You know I got a lotta hair so it took forever. Sorry! headache right now RT  & i bruised my tailbone when you do have it, you still don't text me haain  &  amoores meu cade vsês ? Since there was no milk I can't eat cereal, smh what to eat for breakfast? cryin alone in my car right now now i honestly just feel stupid...thanks a lot -__- yeah I'm okay! Got drenched on the way to work, a car went through a puddle and soaked me!! Then get dropping things at work Omg , how do you get  to follow you ? My ear drum has burst  & so much pain in the other - let's hope this is the beginning of the end! I took mom on a long walk today around the lake next to our house. It led us to the golf course.... Mom wouldn't let me golf  she's no fun RT  I hate when I stay home from school & everyone is at school I have no one to talk to  #loner4life Lil7eain madrst i wish i was with yall : ( Struggling programming the sky+ right now, this must qualify as a blond moment noooo  okay thanks. “ RIP Etta James  such a unique & beautiful voice” RIP  indeed. I can only hope you're doing a song of hers to pay homage. RT   yeaa!!!  I don't know what Mou was doing! I think #realmadrid needs another coach next... I bet  is so upset that etta james died Work tonight follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  21 Tomic won??? oaaaahhhhhh lmao , I'm just now seeing this but yeah I remember this !! we all needa hang again Ahaha, he probs sees all my spamming tweets and think i do it all the time, which i dont, unless its him!  xxxx Straight B's, no extra pie for me nah I jus switched to O2 d other day cunts never told me that really?  when ? Where? I'm taking a nap too! Why didn't you come over? #FreeManny , hurry home!!! countin down the months RT  Come back  and Willow  I miss you!!!! Love, Floyd i knoww  ughhh.!!! aw loz ball! I luv choo, will miss you  xx RT  Woke up with a lot on my mind. GM tho. •  me too wife Wishhhh u were hereeee   these miles aren't gonna run themselvesss #markhastheworsttiming #aintthatthetruth RT  RT  RT  RT  RT  RT  #ThingsICantStand watchin my MOM cry Waaa If only I wasn't working already I'm really down because i have no ink on my ribs :-( Hallooooo. iz it still sunny n warm in ur part of da werld? we gettin ice comin out of da sky tomorrow Omg I just heard the news #ThingsICantStand wind that makes my hair static-ieee thanks for following me, I would follow you but I hit my following limit she was a good age at 33! I would! But I'm at work oke bby . Xmau nanges kayh . Pomis . Cuz I'm not there . Xleh nak hug to comfort u I hate exams! oh playing squash  .. I cannot lay down properly! *sigh* "What makes your boobs bigger?" "Uhh.. Puberty." i just don't get it  #sorry #rugbysbetteranyway Ugh ! Headaches suck oh ya almost forgot about that, we should be disappointed in ourselves sooo much...just need to talk. I tell u anything to mke me feel better. My freinds don't understand only u do Edwin is dood My last day here Rest in peace Etta James. You beautiful woman  &lt;3 Coke just takes like vodka and coke what you tryma say ima body builder? Just because you only do 20kg on your legs! Cannot stop going to the loo! #somebodyhelpme! Bang on target! :/  im actually so depressed over it :o i really want one now :'( i think my lifes over :o :O :'( :L :L so sad  RT   ....Etta baby....our lady Is gone ... You've missed your slot, McD's in my bellay atm  and wooo!!! #bringonzeebelmont Cheers, will be posting updates on here no doubt, not very confident at the moment as strong winds forecast :-(i wish i could tell him...  #notruiningit #iwilldenyit Believe Tour To Middle East  we want you in lebanon no we don't.we need youuuu or the malibu, or the jagger, or the ciroc  but it was probably the henny! Lol. thank you - just one of those bad days when you do things without thinking and get some unexpected responses mark how come you tweeting people back saying thanx 4 birthday wishes and not me? :-( :) tell lush I miss her ouw nao acredito  I think I am getting sick. No TX.  RT  attn: USA ~ ! ~ tour dates on sale this weekend - hope to see you everywhere : Always envy people going on holiday at the airport pq ? don't talk to me anyway you've deserted me  are you even in this country? Lol - Hmm I'm seeing it is happening more often than expected excited for racing season :)  , bummed for snow boarding season  #wheresthesnowIdaho lol....I brought my lunch and devoured it already hoy es mi whatsap que no sirve  #SufroComoPrecious I have to have them to driveeee.  👀+🚗=👎 Burnt my tongue  You wish I would talk, yet you haven't said anything. I'm not talking to you Okay... U've jes been mentioned :DRT  Mention me na!!!! I just realised that I came home to no flowers... They must have died!  Cc: Can't get Tropical Smoothie or Subway 'cause dad has duty Really want a takeaway RT   that sucks!!! shame on DOI  x  I feel really lame that I gave it to you! I can bring you some soup?:) So bored and lonely Bye speck :-( Fucked up thing is not knowing who infected u cos u sleep around Tem show do #BomGosto, maas nem vo iir Grrrrrr.......
I hate this, i'm toothache :-( Called madi to see how she is doing she said "I need you mommy." Now to go eat that boloto samp...  #BeingVegetarian Oh I hope everything is ok I really really really want a diet coke.  #nodietcoke Wine wasn't such a good idea....its giving me the munchies and that's not good for my diet  #MustStayStrong Good news, Ive got 9 days off work for my birthday trip to Brighton. Bad news, I have a chest infection to enjoy during that time! 5th wasn't the same without you..I miss you i understand. im just really anxious for you to meet your nephew... I can't say it enough I did not lie .. Your my everything wtf öylee Tut mir Leid... it wont let me Where are these people getting pictures of Gerard with his awesome hair ? follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  26 dude, soorrry..i was cooking...my moommy said no You changed my life for better. you're my hero ! thx for everything ! i love you.. rt please..  #neversaynever I'm a useless Eustace no Friday  this whole job thing is really inconvenient! Rt" LOL akwa ibom ppl must dey dere" In New York City, approximately 1,600 people are bitten by other humans." wahhhhh I'm not in until wednesday either I don't think, I'm not even gonna get to try them  are thy suede? ; I ♥ U + A7saaaaaaaaann LOOOOOOOOL have you still not cussed anything yet? I keep failing  I'ma start again on Monday LOL  ahh okkkk np :) and it sucks :/ i'm revising as well  i hate school Worse news of my life #ThingsICantStand - when a girl cries unhappy tears when shes in a rship she cant get out off U̶̲̥̅̊ fit write jamb nau" Wetin carry me go dat kind cursed sch na... Chai  " negative. lol don't leave this weekend My back hurts  #stupidstairs 2 weeks unfortunately That's not your poor iPod's fault  x I hate when its slow at work. Time drags Sneeze, runny nose, headache ... Am I sick? After yesterday I miss it It would be her 3rd year in a row  :-( Building a new playlist...  Estoy tristeeee. Not been the best day ever so off to bed, i have an alarm call to make at 21:20, best set my alarm just in case, i'll be back tomorrow RT   None of them. He says there's no guarantee his money won't be lost or that you are not a fraud When I don't hear from him for a couple hours, I feel like something happend Omg I felt dead without my phone. wish you were here :-( ohhh noo  i have those days too. it will pass! xxxxx sorry for breaking your heart I can't eat anything. Omg Loved volunteering w/ them. Go read "Twenty Years at Hull House." Such cool history: Jane Addams Hull House to close #ThingsICantStand empty fridge's. 8mile :) but i cant eat a lot of ice-cream cuz i got sensetive teeth  xx RT  R.I.P Belieber Lilly  Beliebers lets trend it!  should notice her even now &lt;3 Been at work all day . Get out and see how beautiful it is today and wish I had taken off and went to the beach !! Lol I should be eating pizza with mates right now :-( RT   when will we get our follow I miss Gareth in the mornings! How can I study with this pain? :-( RT  Hate being up this early.. ! Tryna normalize my sleeping schedule sucks YOU !! YOU MAKE ME MAD! Didn't find any that I could watch there  only got to read about it I once got your checkin to a KFC somewhere in Belfast… It made me want a zinger burger! they have took all demi songs off demand  xx I fell in the snow like 4 times  I'm staying in this weekend nbs nooooooo Getting the mail every day isn't nearly as exciting when you know your next college letter isn't coming until March Bloody ridiculous this Okay, my account has been clearly been hacked. No one click anything I send. I'll try to get it sorted.  Sorry. Geesh why are all those Once Upon A Time stuff sooo expensive on cafepress?? aww im gonna have to miss it  lol Etta sadly died of leukemia. She was in rehab 2010- had she passed b/c of drugs, ppl (might) say "oh, another junkie". Just realized that Damon's been hurt/ beaten up/ punched/ stabbed in almost every episode this Season! #NeedsToStop :-( omygosh another story!   you're a faggot. Your future is in doubt bro. Get a life. but i love the notebook  and it was a cute tweet nix, dont hate babes : ( i miss dance Now  I can't spell. I have to work. The gap is ruining my life I wanna go to Pompey away again!  #bestdayever Apparently it's retired. I hate it wen my socks fall down please help us find Lily and share her appeal video  #doglovers missing since June 2010  #findlily stomach after taking a beating from Alex  #bj I still can't bring myself to delate the  app off my phone  #waaa Only if  would reply to me no she didn't :-( I have to take my nails off soon  #shadowing ahh same faze! been off today  we should chill&be ill together! lool! lmao, reynard don't be mean  are you going out? Smells of doughnuts but we have none :-( #torture lmao i was like that looks like Erikas wrist...i need a life :-( thank you - I really want to find some more of the turquoise pebbles. Only had one… :-( Serious question! Does any one know when Forge's winter formal is??? Help I'm here. Plagued by a lot of depression lately. And a stupid flare. which means I'm anti-social  How are you? I am I'm afraid  you can come over when I'm back? 4ish o'clock xxoxoxo me too!! aww #liketorture not good I Already Miss it shouldn't be this hard I miss you too! It hasn't even been that long either! these couple of months without driving gone kill me .. HAHA. That made me laugh out loud. He's NOT my BF !! But sorry couldn't join you guys tonight  but nice to bump into u all. I dunno who sent me to sign out on skype....to sign in now is rocket sign My voice is still raspy... 6 days and counting Gahh, I have to run today I know  I've been slacking on my creeping RT   hasn't showed up at my house in forever whaaaaa? I miss you too babycakes  must go out soonies xxxxx Kia&Shay I hate them two Bitches Why am I not at the John Galliano show in Paris right now instead of planning a presentation!!  #lifeissounfair New truck yay!! Gonna miss white beauty Ohh fuk I'm in soo much painn!!! RT   or if you're you, you're moving to the midlands!!!!!!! Why am I so tired ? OMG ! i missed dont give me that  face an not give me a reason silly billy. Noooooooo! for rea?l...bummer... welp I suck. e neem m convidou  RT  aaah edwin Havent seen someone all day Seem voce aqi nem teem graça Where are you I miss  soo much everyone is going to see 1 Direction on Tuesday!! I cant go!! Okey im going to Pack my bag now and than its Time to go Tmr!   take Care and byee! awwwww so at home right ? 
:) in germany still :) at home misss u damm much here my phones upstairs and I cba getting it  Why? to com fome omg! I don't even know I know  LAME! RT  i havent talked to  in a while ): LMAO! Are you home? Im in math class I needed snow then it was Christmas, not when it's almost Valentine's day! Daddy, I miss u so much!  Hope u're alright. I can't keep secrets  RT  i was goin over my Bday guestlist &  slipped & told me who ... QUE B O L A S.i. abyyyyy! Ouchhhhhhhhhh...been bitten on my arm  #painful currently earning more followers than money oh i'm poor :-( BUT POPULAR Hoe my dayssssssssss. Sitting in the car, alone in the dark. Why did mum take the keys with her   I could had I know how you feel, I would do anything to meet them. Literally. Anything. I'm going to be by myself. This is going to be weird. No one to talk to.... yeah, I fink so, there's something wrong with his back RT   Ahhh!  double eviction tonight so it could be both of them!  I'm hoping Michael and the twins go tbh! #SaveNicola xx IM APPROACHING!!! in my dreams  LOL I love you so much. :) I'm not so badass Its very true you never miss something so much until its gone  i wish i can go back in time Is is legend dying season or summert? Etta James R.I.P  absolute legend. X Welcome to the headache from hell. Beer: did not help. Sleep: did not help. Leftover C-section narcotics: helped about 30 minutes. Everytime I start talking to  she always dip off on me oh that doesn't sound too fun  hopefully crazy neighbour behaves lol!! We just made our own nandos, wasn't the same  xx RT  #ThingsICantStand violence & war & bullying The monsters would stop coming into my bed and theabusing me. They weren't monsters :-( #liesmyfolkstold Yeah man  RT   i think they caught u wen ya glasses broke , lmfaoo Awww but that was sad  :L and ok have fun! Save me some ;) xx  FF has been good to me but Chrome has been buggy as all get out this past month. Multiple crashes in Lion The Time In Between: Back to college again, no more break I will do tho I think No one will go skiing with me tonight! Cute boy is sitting so far away today Please don't rain  I'm yet to reach my destination No it does not! #embarassing Im Not Tryna Go Ta Work ME TOO :@ especially when i am so bad at it !  im gonna fail  xx this trig kickin my BUTTTT oh I get you Awhh bless you Tayahhh#ihate snow. How much longer until summer? friday night;s are SO shit nowadays so jealous of my bestfriend's dad meeting  and my bestfriend talking to them on the phone noo  don't think so BELIEVE TOUR TO THE MIDDLE EAST!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!! My poor little car omg!this is so sad i hope your mum will understand how important it is  I really hope you will be able to go!! Well we have a short lunch and there's always a lot of traffic In the mood for kfc popcorn chicken & gravy findinq shoes at the nike factory was a fail Lol its cool, my itouch is aboutta die anyways Im bout to start watching #JS from season 1 all over again to see where it all went wrong mo kct ne Omg fashion show was late!! Missing the voice right now!  hope you win  !! You can do this!! Muchlove i got mistaken for a guy today  story of my life (( fml (((( lol I used to like that my desk was by a window...but watching this snow come down is just... *sigh* I just wanna go home :-( If only you could be mine  guess you won't piss take omg, I go offline to revise then come back on here to see  and  tweeted #ndublets and I missed it lol ok I admit I look alot better with make-up on  I have really dark circles 5....4.....3....2.....1 i wish that   RT me one day or follow back No  Are you going to anything in March??? Miss my roomie!! :o just heard about megavideo  R.I.P. All them times it cut off on me 72 minutes into a film  gd times Time to board the plane :-( I want some Chipotle tho I remember when i used to be able to do this on sundays you okay? im sorry  i def didnt mean to! yeah 18-19 in my opinion xD but yeah woah lol i get mistaken for 15  even thou im 19 and not far from 20 crap liz i'm so sorry, i thought i'd get done studying but i'm not  can we skype after january 30? then my exams'll be over.. I miss taking naps every day after school, off too work haha fair play - i want a kebab now I want to continue my nap.  but I have things to do... confused as to when your back? I think jess wins ... just  haha. OBESITY FRIDAY I can't  i still have exams and I have a makeup trial next weekend for my sisters wedding :) weekend after? oh gosh, if only we were all as pretty as you with no make up and natural hair  *sigh* xx RT  Rip Etta james, your amazing  voice lives on! At last Aww some people are so heartless, I feel so sorry for this asian guy  #WSHH chances are slim AHHH so exciting! No, I'm still waiting to hear back from like six schools including Miami  TORTURE Hehehe just call my name it will direct U̶̲̥̅ RT  Location, m coming RT  All alone in dis room  I wish we had a fire place  I'm freezing!! damn. I aint even know she had tht watching Hollyoaks.. I looove  but i miss I wanted to see your drama performance  20 and you got a deal :DD IT BETTER BE GONE MY TOMORROW. LIKE loooool I wish I could come get u I really need a new phone :-( Didn't plan on spending my whole freaking day at work. And now I'm bored! haha oh, im a slow blonde!  lool hate them people though x This English teacher reminds me of Mr. Shoup  #RIP back in Manchester  It was hard to spot people in there. Had a quick look for someone holding a moustache infront of their face! Times like this I miss my I'm sorry  Hannah's not replying xx im a big belieber.i would love to met u of course but suddenly i live so far away i live in CYPRUS RT  I miss Lancelot!  He knew.... #sad ready to go home dj ashba is going to be at NAMM & so many other people I want to meet! Look what aidan tweeted  xx I don't know how I have survived! 169 people dont follow me back awww  why youu Guhh  ? i really wish my stepbrother could just get a life and stop ruining my family I have been knockin out in all my classes today. lol but the freezing cold woke me up this block I DO NOT UNDERSTAND ALL THE HOPES staid not work 8       Never you'll notice that I exist. Sorry to all who got that recent spam tweet!   #damspam Omg i almost got in a car accident hahaha I was hoping you wouldn't :L faaail :/ I'm not  you love me! Devastated about the news Not even a pop tart. Re still not following me so upset that  can't party with me on my big 21st birthday!  my niece/nephew better be worth it. haven't found mine yett  I'm still on my #pursuitofhappiness myjanggun :/ i dnt know full story so i not going to say anything other then i know for real he delete his twitter account FOCI I miss you all Awww no sorry to hear that!  Sounds like a nice weekend to cheer everyone up a bit then x This hair dye looks like semen and smells like cat poop please don't say حبني او حب غيري؟ Call me RT  Pop Sick Auntie  I'ma prob take em to the doctor am....... its rainin and its soooo dark RT  Just realized that Damon's been hurt/ beaten up/ punched/ stabbed in almost every episode this Season! #NeedsToStop :-( Just slammed my finger in a drawer " Chris Farley was a genius." Tru dat. R.I.P !!!!! RT  Im Not Tryna Go Ta Work  i was living before you give your bye RT  RIP Etta James  Oooh sometimes, i get a good feeling #avicii #Etta James #Levels Wanna See justin beiber Hola Amigas everyone knows it :p haha i try to learn french but i fail miserably RT  Dragging myself out the front door for a run I thought something was wrong  x don't leave meeee Ohhh I've got that, but the stick broke  so the flags on my bedroom wall now u missin the blizard ikno :-(  Woke up thinking about my boyfriend  i miss him jenn  what happened w English? :'( sad but it's true  haha Was it a 'statecraft'? scare the unwanted guest #Rushdie while UP polls stare at Govt.. Damn... feel like being used as condom :-(che è successo? So much traffic  #goingtobesolate agreed! I miss his face!!  Need me some Malcolm Tucker!! RT  i wish i had a bb ... I hate you at this moment in time sending me voice notes Marissa doesn't remember Beauty in the Breakdown sooo disapppoiinted Oooh coldstone would be so good..but I can't I know RT  RT if you hate animal abuse I'm being thick.... IM REALLY SORRY  xxx oh noooooo. im gunna' miss #cbb tonight.  #badtimes yaaay!! Its soo cute but frank sees them  I know not long :) yaayy!! There better be #carter !!! Or else..... dude what is up with your tweets ???!!!! I see it is very difficult that you follow me!  before you go, please follow me, sends greetings to Barinas Venezuela 20 Lmfao U Soo Meann  Always Puttin my Joy Down !lol I don't want Asian glow on the drive there!! lol.. Had to make a stop at Skyline before getting back to real life tomorrow cody I love you, the Brazil loves you. You not love Brazil?  7  I miss      ! oh :-( what time you going out? We Want Britney Twitcam  please brit! :D :D miss you so she doesn't respond to ANY of my tweets because she's fucking daydreaming?! WAAKKEE UUPP! i'm just hating :-( RT  No #Nikita tonight  but 2 weeks is better than 3 until the next ep :). I'd really like at least 1 Mikita moment. They need love. I live in Jeddah & I sweat to god it sucks we couldn't make it for last train also mah. You lah nv come stayover In bed, I'm so nauseous.. The Elm Tree House Wont Be The Same Without You  Gonna Really Miss Youuu!  xxxxxxxxxxxx I don't think it's happening anymore layin down  isick . I can´t see the vampire diaries Glad your fever is down. I will keep praying that the coughing subsides! Oops that was my 2000th tweet  #forgot #disappointed Been sick ruins everything " Dale un besito uno solitooo he llorado con esa confesiòn !!!!    so many things in my mind.!! #confused y? i have not cut it since september tho as if! I will not be a traitor to my precious coffee xD they both bombard me with coffee-hate every time you walk past  xx ...my gums STILL hurt from when i did that: last weekend! Ee shftai shlon..  Alla y3en el jmee3 enshalla.. ;* La adrs Marketing.. :/ #ahhhh i start classes on monday. no more going to bed at the crack of dawn AliviaUnGrateful was too many letters Oshey RT  Pele..RT  Ok o. :'( RT Gbaymeee_: hehe.RT  :O  RT (cont) needs to follow me  I love carolin jiffry in itlay 
I miss her so much 
:-( cody I love you, the Brazil loves you. You not love Brazil?  6 :-( all work and no play makes Steph a very _________ woman I wish you could be too!! Home is going to be so boring this weekend unfortunately I didn't get to see it yesterday “ I just wanna b part of something  & Dese bitchz r dogging me. SO MUCH FOR FRIENDS”&lt;&lt;hold up "that big bitch" Ok. RT  MedicenPeluche al msn Im too lazy to do my hair again. I don't know what to do now that  is gone  #comeback really? Where do I get it is that a problem? "genuinedly" 
It's going to be a long night. Give me a curry soon, veggie, meat or dhal, anything please!
Bloody shepherds pie, I have to chilli sauce that up. Not happy R.I.P. Lemony the budgie I guess im crazy hitam n merah = a̶c̶ ̶m̶i̶l̶a̶n̶ donk ... cant login in to twitter via my phone :-( Brazilians last day here and they don't even get to see anyone to say goodbye PLANE HAS BROKEN DOWN. FML. LONGING MY LIFE OUT. wanna get into my bed already  HAHNENKAMM TOMORROW WOOOOO YEAAAHHH SO EXCITED #BODEMILLER My throat :-( awww I Love u plz notice me im loosing hope I don't think I can it's killing me  it has to stop somehow i can't take it (( It's a trend because I say it is! & I know, lol I'm sorrry How can Twitter say I'm forbidden to follow back  ? I feel like its telling me off Bank's pipes burst, now I can't even get my pathetically low check out!  Life is kicking my ass today. #staypositive I Really Miss Him lost my voice O.o RT  Put a black girl kit in ur head lml RT  I wish my hair was naturally straight PLEASE!!!! send a hello to meeeeeee!!! ew I think I'm getting sick no I want many followers :) help me please people  RT "  " I wish you would cheer up RT  Things just dnt feel right Going to work soon, but 3 day weekend!!!!!!
Sweet and sour, lol  :) i need to talk  xx blame Erika! She told me "your gonna get the flu" and now im getting sick I know! So sad...  have a nice weekend  No, I don't think I did  xxx Oral 945am written 130pm ! Wad shld i do in between  any kind soul willing to accompany me?? Im so addicted to checking my phone and so will I hi Dr. Im 23yrs been tryn 2 get prego4 more than a1yr but have sex1/week cus i only c my bf once a wk..is that enough2 get prego? TWITTER WHY YOU NOT LETTING ME CHANGE MY PICTURE!?! RT  I wish I were photogenic Ive never been this cold before When people say they're hilarious, they usually aren't that funny *sigh *      RT   SPOTTED: nonsense. but why is he leaving exactly? new job?  xx RT  No #Nikita tonight  but 2 weeks is better than 3 until the next ep :). I'd really like at least 1 Mikita moment. They need love. RT  I love  he and arturo are my best friends but I never get to see them anymore. Im Gett'n Worried Bout My Mom , She Sickfeeling woozy after the gym I know when I go to I'm very sad that I lost you tweeting last night  I love you so much! Kisses from Brazil!! My twitter app isn't working. Waaah Wished I was going Essence tonight never talking to you again if u don't get one PLEASEEEEEeE fhdsjhbfksdhg #whoa I was just thinking to myself "I wonder if she feelin that workout" lol I don't feel it :-(  Speedy power weight session tonight, not fun! Work and training don't mix to well  but got to be done! To be honest my Paul Frank case make my Blackberry look heavy  poor u blackberryM RT  No #Nikita tonight  but 2 weeks is better than 3 until the next ep :). I'd really like at least 1 Mikita moment. They need love. Ready to go home to light bright....*sigh but I got another week before that happens :-( Shattered!! #yawn want to get in bed :-( sorry i didn't reply on skype! My skype is fucked :-( I know I was close to going to Kanrocksas but it didn't work out in the end impossible to just have a quick shower with the colour I have to bathe in Argh! Mine too! I have to baby the nails on my middle fingers and they ALWAYS break. They also grow back the slowest RT   I MISS YOU SO MUCH FOOL Great, I have to get an x-ray on my chest never been so gutted, mum making me pay my own phone bill.. life has never been so harsh I'm rubbish. I've no proper glasses : ( gone to ollys so I'm feeling sorry for myself  aha Double USB3? Hot. Integrated, but non-modular power supply? cody I love you, the Brazil loves you. You not love Brazil?  12 Lmao chubby cracker baby? That's mad racist RT  do all you beliebers hate me? why haven't none of you followed  ?  #RT if u did. I miss Leeds  #TiredOfFeelingUnwell #Bored I just want to get notice by  but why is it so hard?  #notswag Already late for my hairwash  gonna have my dinner, so hungry man awwwwwww...sooo many people waiting 4 ma result...i will b finishd... My day is officially over after a looooong meeting. ECG too started theirs its not my fault  RT  I'm to addicted to food RT  whts paris witout her nicole?! I am in a foul mood... this snow is probably going to keep me form being with a friend at her dads funeral :-( for fuck sake :/ why do my parents always upset me  #cantwaittomove I love how  favorited my tweet about the coke&the toothpaste. I feel made fun of awh man ! What game?! & no  I'm headed to ole miss  This is sooo boring this song I just learned.. guitar piano and to sing its so amazing one day ill sing it for u. that special person im waiting for #inLovingMemory of the legendary  #EttaJames R.I.P forever remembered 5 min to go and I still haven't found a link how to eat eba and stew lying down Loving You is Like a battle , & we 	Both End up with scars : ( hehe was good but many calories  I see you are being good on excessive bike! I hate driving in the snow kent u irritating la  alone means alone lo  remember that time you told me on Formsprings that you would follow me back after your twitter clean up?  ♥ my dog joe sick today...he doesn't wanna eat anything THEN WHY DOES IT ASK ME TO SWITCH WHEN I TRIED TO JOIN don't think so gota babysit  sorryyyyy and i spend more time in the school then my house fucking weirdo you're so creepy Fed up,so hurt I miss you bae : ( LOOL Nah but Britnae's life OR weave did not get rated in year 6 how can her weave drop off and the lil boys used it 2 play football with Yeah, i went up there for my interview and loved it! but Middlesex is 5th in the UK for my course and i got an offer I'm pooing myself my sad face was to the retweet of the 2 vaginaed woman turning down porn. cody I love you, the Brazil loves you. You not love Brazil?  11 I'm trying to find a ride. Errrone is being a bitch hate the feeling of losing someone you used to be close to So  had me kinda happy bout Kevin Hart tix till I bought my ish for $120 :-( RT  Oooo its working RT Tokyo_Trev: Intersexions is the medias way of cockblocking the mass rewatching all those epic wongfu vids :-( hey I forgot to ask Vinay.. to read your msg... im so sorry il do that now :-s RT  , WHY lie to me? when i be true to you Why is it so easy to be miserable but so hard be happy.. ur nt following back  andd and u abandoned me ( ._.) BOL! RT  She ratcheeeeeeeet ! RT   would call me Ratcheeeettt right now My Stomach Is Startin To Hurt.. lol fkkkk!! I don't know the number by memory.. but then I'll have to delete pictures too aww  disapointment another night in !! okiesss :) xx it doesnt work  ? At this mf until 6:30 Ohh shit LMFAO was online & I missed them Actually struggling to keep my eyes open now!! Some days, I just can't find the right pair of jeans that feels good. i'm unsure of myself with you, but i love you. Hmm :-( yup I'm good you? Working ergh  x thirsty for water. I can't keep anything down so am basically on 24hr nil by mouth RT  “ I just wanna b part of something  & Dese bitchz r dogging me. SO MUCH FOR FRIENDS”&lt;&lt;hold up "that big bitch" I've never seen it so unfortunately I can't  Please pass along to Sarah that we miss her! hahahahahaha yeaaa. hasn't happened since soph. year.  new one ordered, in the mail. be here tomorrow! :) Have you ever had to pee soo bad you felt like throwing up? Lol I just had that feeling Nothing I've said or done today has been right I wanted to hang with my princess today but the moms found a way to impede my effort. She needs help and I hope she gets it. Oh god no... staying late, succumbing to template meta programming madness. The results are sooo nice but the template code... it hurts I was on about 20 minutes no can't hear you  ( live on ... Whatever  your a jerk. im not even close to a computer Bye... Sleep just with my mother cause your always mean to me could you please tell me what I can do to help for biebers song?? Im so sorry for asking so late  i thougt we had more time! RT  Viernes sinplaness  // me too sucks u.u" My sister had SUCH a huge head when she was a little one!  hahaha  - I think I'm cute  haha when people get fraped on Facebook I find it genuinely upsetting , like seeing someone being taken advantage that way Yes Hey alfredo please follow me? you do not even listenin to me ne? : (  1 so cold I am having a case of the hiccups today...  I can get rid of them for a little bit but they keep coming back!! you never notice me  #sad RT  RT  Heard sum Ghanaian girls put foundation on their elbows and knees when they go raving&lt;LOOOOOOOOOOOOOL &lt; :O conor come to ireland!!  pretty please? sad day to sing the blues   I hope you get to do a tribute to her, even one song would be stellar! thanks :)) and ikr !!. im gonna be so sad bye twitter - im going on the run And I just KNEW you were coming  RT   missed her bday party, im not satisfied that I did. I really dig her. you suck cause you're getting out early!! I know but its all related, it's just got a huge grip on me  but I'm fighting! I might end up getting a blue :| there's no pink and you're still a country music fan Aww  Hope you get better soon, stay warm and have hot drink xx RT  Awww baby I miss u more  RT  Yom_mie im missing u too much When will you notice me? No! You might punch me Oh my dick hurts.. unfollowed me!!! it makes me so sad when I see old people eating alone ياكرهي ليهم بجد oh  no, the UK xx :L thank ya chick. ! Oh & i just spoke to u & u aint even speak back ok I'm sooooo sore!! It hurts to move Fredo never see my tweets cody I love you, the Brazil loves you. You not love Brazil?  19 #ShowerFlow let me start getting ready for work i cnt cover for u sunday So sick. No practice for me today  #imissbasketball yeah, he just kinda stopped coming on the show :-( not yet me  but hopefully soon!! have you? Online Shoppers Are Rooting for the Little Guy:   This was the NYTimes article I was interviewed for...but not in :-( U had a whole sister/female friend.....I guess I wasn't good enough It is difficult to eat lunch when your tilapia tastes like cardboard. Goodbye  &lt;3 sleep tight &lt;3 you will be missed &lt;3 Sitting here with a needle in my arm is not fun   #crybaby oh thats sad  and yeah that would be cool if you get to interview her again :D ; it's already an hour layover but they always extend  I work for a catering company, two lounges, and bath & body works RIP #ettajames a total legend and great loss to music  xxx ian died on my birthday  how sad is that  xx I agree!  I just want Katy to be happy! I didn't even hit u up when I was in your city bro I really wanna go to the flyers alumni game tm #ThingsICantStand schooool Desperate for a cup of coffee LOL wats aww bout ne bd Ezra nd no I ain't chekin him  nd I dno if my mom sed I'm aloud Lol My Granny Paid For My Lunch Today! Sorry...  Haha just being bored.  you? Burnt my tongue on my hot chocolate..  #ouch of course Anonymous asked: Hey Laura! Are you alright? I’m worried in case there’s anything wrong! missing you guys :-(  RT  Looks like your responsive design is serving a mobile view to a 1024 wide chrome my mum isn't considering it right now... Don't want to work this weekend leaving early Mean headache you went away from turning up to our shows right enough : ( a nem vo aw what made it so bad? Its so not fair my mom won't let me adopt one Owhh noo  and noo don't have a blackberry anymore I want to see  in NYC next week. I need to make this happen. erh, got biscuit at the bottom of me brew proper jealous  I wanna go haha  u goin tomorrowland ? Xx My Friend turned on me for something I cant help.  She always does and I'm sick of it! She calls me names, swears(C) cody I love you, the Brazil loves you. You not love Brazil?  18 lol nooooooooo. You suck : ( Just tomorrow, why can't stay here with me? RT  Because i miss u .... I wish i had MT my laptop finna go take dis history test  ! indeed haha dyin 4 dem now massage? RT  My Stomach Is Startin To Hurt.. 18:29 Euston to Crewe very crowded tonight.  seems a shame! I know! £4.20 for an adult all day. Well on that note I must go t sleep n catch up on 3 missed nights  gd night twitter!! 😊 Olodo. RT  Still dnt knw how to copy n paste on iPad Hey alfredo please follow me? you do not even listenin to me ne? : ( hardly any staff on!xx Now I shall begin to stress about my outfit  lol Ive tried, they wont reply gutted I'm gonna miss it  .........But atleast I have an excuse to watch the whole omnibus tomorrow :) I hate not going to school, or leaving early I just ate n text him saying I was  still hungry he going tell me I dnt need nothing else for a week to eat I just saw the most adorable thing ever to get for my baby! But o can't get it rite now and they only have one Zasel bych dnes na #brnopivo, ale sam se bojim :/ too shy  Kdo ze socialnich se me ujme? it ain't really too many good wing places in east Memphis though  I hate that. cause Im cleaning My place,i have to go shoppin, And go liq store by 6 #notime :-( In the mood to drink but I'm ill RT  sooo ANDRE.... I CALLED YOU.!!!! && NO ANSWER nmooo i think you are offline again and didn'T check your DM's  ;) soory on me ipod  but if you typ it in on yt it'll appear My back is bad again :-( RT  RT if none of One Direction follow you :-( I'm surprised mine aren't that sore. I ran nine stair laps yesterday in gym lol, I bet! eeek, fun times  yeah I have been...given up now tho tbh! 400/2000 words is fiiiine for now hahaha Sad, they won't be able to steal your password  haha! #levante losing points on daily basis  hate it whn teams go down on 2nd period of season why you ill? completely failed my chemistry test today  but panic in less than 2 weeks, so FUCK YOU, SCHOOL. Ooo  Noooooo    So sorry Matthew changed my password. so freaky right. RT  My iPad 2 is crying for a windows jailbreak aw, shame  wait.. Does that mean that he is available? ;D thank you! See ya soon xx I don't have the legs to pull them off bc i dont do noting for you I'm freezing...I think I have a fever  #wantmymonmy She's the best. Love/miss youuuuu RT  I miss Seddie.  Anyone agree? That awkward moment i need to drop a duece but I'm in line and cant go. you's need to come back to newcastle! Weeks? Its been years for me. And its your ass hole boyfriend. Little bitch hit me in my tackle box and ran away! #MyWeeWeeHurts .. siii y quizas mas every time I hear one thing acoustic I want to cry  its so good! whats up hun  xxxx I miss my buddy whaaat?! What do you mean they don't exist?! RT  I MISS MY BOYFRIEND I &lt;3 your music taste.. I only know one person in Norwich that likes my music taste  Hope you're feeling better? xxx next week is the last that Im stay in home, wake up latter, Im goona miss all this !  , I dont want stop after nationals!! It comes out when we're gone RT  We say that we fear the fire of hell; but can we not see that sometimes we are throwning ourselves in it!  Man im lonely af at this airport fuck you attractive people " i never talk to my bestfriend anymore. she doesnt love me   --Yes I Do You Know I Love You Girl.! I have all those senior pictures of you that you gave me on my bulletin board & I get made fun of for having about 5 Twitter, I'm shaving my legs for the first time in like 2 weeks #ohwell #imcelibate #noonetotouchme  lol I was singing along to Etta James at the Inauguration Ball #AtLast  R.I.P Etta. so we don't have any classes together !!! out  for FBI mó inveja, queria Bruno Mars #ThingsICantStand getting my hopes up for something then finding out it would never happen I have to text my mom everything I need to say #canttalk fml my dream for the army won't come true I miss seeing you every Tuesday and Thursday I know, I didn't think to, either : ( waaaah !? Really? OMG! RIP ROWAN ATKINSON aka Mr Bean aka Jonny English.. arhh.. one of the british cinema greats skintooo  you? xxx Most unimpressed that  is leaving emmerdale  tut tut x I don't get it I went to bed early for once and missed #bbcqt  just about got the tequila out my bloodstream!! yess Paddys tonight! Last weekend in the Mac RT  Sad but I have to do what's best for me Sorry  Thank you for the mention and hope you have a great rest of break :) aww  i am right there with you. O Chem is at 8am for me. i may or may not have been dozing off. #imissyoutoo! &lt;3 See you later fammo , &lt;3  ! have fun adam :) mines just being cancelled :@ his grandma died in spain  no partys now *Sigh* you're brainless RT  If an ugly girl gets raped she should thank God that's as close she will come to having sex RT  How can I be saying bye to my house mates   and  and cause of Temple Run and I get no attention cody I love you, the Brazil loves you. You not love Brazil?  26 thought it was a family show? Family includes young kids. Sorry for your little man :-( "   I miss your faces!! You both need to come home :)" Miss you too LOOOOOOOOOOOL brianna comes and jumps on me and gives me the biggest hug and I think she broke my nose  LOLL I'm gettin color right now.... This mess hurts I hope not #Awwh! #Paulette in facebook the real say also LILYR0SEDEPP is fake aawww Hey alfredo please follow me? you do not even listenin to me ne? : (  5 Hey Dont Make Fun  Oj :L Fb Mail? :) xx even more ticked off ! wheres my friend when i need him ??  #hellppppp aw I'm so sad  but I will! We have to chill next weekend if I can't tomorrow though :) sorry... when we copy from word to twitlonger, it didnt bold it  but u re bold, ive got it!!!! TY :) i get called a hoe a lot its non stoppp  and he wonders why I hate going out with him Really tiring day, couldn't go out cuz my back hurts a lot  I'm off to sleep #Goodnight Noo, I really don't! Need My Eye brows re done . But my mommy DONT wanna take me No luck  even though it did turn on, it froze again. I don't workkk Oomf was not in first bell today Damn im hungry af , that ihop was good as hell. But I want a whopper I know I know! I think my body doesnt like slow songs any more I know, this is number two of four :-( I am too  #poorus .... aha I'm not even gonna lie, that was a really shit obscure reference to an old hipster song ; Meanine lucky u I'm bored stuck in with nothing to do RT   we don't have class together anymore  #imgonnamissyou #doorknob  dentists today again omg, I don't think I can pass this TCC Gov. class.... I'm going to fail in college ohhh  bless her, lets just pray she gets better! xx OH NO  Dear Adele fans...listen to Etta. This is how it was meant to be done. RT  Rest in peace, Etta James. RT  RT  RT  I never went paintballing Just fropped  and  now omw home...weekend done  studying time ~ I'm so close to Charlotte too Seoul - Wait for me one day I'll come t youBoyfriend out of Town  - Brunch w Family in SD - New Kitchen Table - Dinner in Santa Monica (?) - Dog Beach W/ Tater #Saturdays RT  I miss Seddie.  Anyone agree? RIP #EttaJames :-( you are an R'N'B legend. Omg my contact burns What am i gonna doooo..  #killme i miss him how he was  i dont miss him how he is :-( extremely bored...life is gonna suck more in KD  waiting for a follow RT  Rip Etta james, your amazing  voice lives on! At last Thanks for killing those sites guys. I had many valuable games and songs stored on MegaUpload I can never have back. Hey alfredo please follow me? you do not even listenin to me ne? : (  10 hate feeling shit  #badday oh ok  boo Mayb the world has ended.. We are the ones left..!! HAHAHA i just now did that...  damn i feel ignorant now Pleeeeease will someone just get rid of this headache now please :-( x Not looking forward to driving to work in this snow... alright brotha, w r u doing. I'm hungry and want breakfast shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit !!! fuckin' hate this word  #TATW i thought you would appreciate that  ...im sad now why not? Why is Sisan being mean?  “  it's not actually your song, why's there so much hype around you tho? :s” aha ,  mudo fico mais longe de mim  i beeeeeeeeeeem longe tá U_U ' RT  I envy all you who have met peace be with you Etta James and Sarah Burke... you guys both lived an amazing live ... I do suck so bad at temple run I don't know I'm lost whilst sitting in bed :-( and okay babes, see I get nice when I'm alone aww cody I love you, the Brazil loves you. You not love Brazil?  34 thats what I said! Hang out with me! what's she sayin  xo #tweetwhatyouarestudying : Marketing Management I wish I was on the same time zone as my arms still in pain I get it back tonightttt :D RT  i don't like it when  gets her phone taken away they're never gonna grow! how tf did i get sick ? i wear more clothes than all of my friends and aint none of them sick ! RT  Nadine and Jesse were such a cute couple &lt;3 she looked so happy That's all right I just read the Vanessa Bryant divorce settlement. If I offended you, then I'm sorry Oh same for me  ♥ Meeeh. Really wanna do camp america. Sucks doesn't know whether to go Northampton college or Kettering way to think of it now! when will you becoming to ireland?!  please. I want to see you live, watching your youtube videos 24/7 as it is! Always losing followers on Friday I will stop twittering near Falcon says the fine people that snake shit about you..   RT if you think I should ignore .
Help me please RT  when you spend ages on your hair and then you go out and the wind fucks it up, RT   i miss you too ! even though you never came back and took me out to lunch smh /  I'll make it up this summer NO &lt;/3 You look so beautiful in that crewneck. I won't be visiting for a long time tho  this makes me want to go back to rhill. Your so lucky to get it... Sorry to hear that brother. Plz take care gutting. Had already planned on doing a proper shop as soon as my student grant was in bank  *sulks* That is not forgivable..what the hell are people thinking  I am sorry you went through that... Ouch just pulled half my nail off! OMG Whattttttt I Love Those Motorbikes Honda CBR not back till tomorrow. Might pop into the cliffs and say hi. But going on Sunday afternoon so can't work Sunday  you around? x im going home after work, i really cant take this pain nope got work early both days  out are you ya croatian rabbit hunter? Wish i could find my Dream a Little Dream script Aww no.  Were there not any others? And did Maddie find any? xx god damn it  pleas can twitter not count cose thats practically what i use it for Its a shame I don't know what I'm saying though Got a new hamster :) Hes a chinese one. hes soo pretty. I would of called him chow mien but i havent...cant think of one yet Parnell you cost!!!!!! That could have been out! maybe that's why I can't do it. My invite doesn't work anymore I get a 404 Fuuuck, I hate seeing animals that have been hurt by people baby  i was playing. Im sorry. i've been called 14 before.... I knw my tweet'll be lost in million tweets U get per second bt still I wanna request can u pls notice me?! You should have went tomorrow I don't work tonight! Woke up to snow :-( I offically have a headache from various lotion smells and i'm bus sick... still have an hour before we get there! #great Hey alfredo please follow me? you do not even listenin to me ne? : (  9 every time i look, i get upset cody I love you, the Brazil loves you. You not love Brazil?  33 Nope, I'm not going out tonight, I'm too exhausted. I can't go tomorrow, I'm babysitting all day! I need another job!! I'll get you a helicopter It's freezing out side oh noo I wish hootie and the blowfish still made music  Hootie &gt; Darius Rucker. #depressing it sucks!! I can't watch it this week.  I'm out  &lt;/3 Its d pretty ones dat are alone d longest.  it'll be fine tho..there's a reason! RT  I hate teachers that are so mean & rude to kids in elementary school  they dont know any better! Agave was closed  (@ Cake Bar) you forgot about me  lmfaooo RT  love you more  RT    &lt;/3 love you Omg I hope he not dead didn't get your tweet till now  #sowwy #loveyoulots xo the kmhs v hillgrove basketball game! im cheering and i wanted to see my best friend  ole miss should be fun though! RT  I wish I were photogenic RT  Im too lazy to do my hair again. Why can't we leave our questions for the video diaries on Twitter?!  x #ThingsICantStand When  doesn't have a smile on his face! And won't tell me what's wrong Jeimy hates me. [-__-] .. glad you agree batman! I must say I am a little disappointed that they only made 2 new episodes over christmas it's been days since its known... the thing is that FBI could do what it did yesterday.. that's the point Johnboy gone the flicks! Goin tomoz instead.  xxx nothin. juat cant sleep  what series? :) “  yeaph! :D what r u doin? Watching series is addicting.... Really ;p” but what topWell that puts a huge downer on my day I hate being broke!! why is it so hard to lose weight and so easy to gain it my tummy hurts We lost another great voice-RIP Etta James...Sad I never got to see you preform live  I know I hate her Lies!" :/ no I didn't  " Shattap! Dint u go out ni?? "ImmaDopeChiq:  naah..iont like drugs""" boooo! Ravens play around noon. I don't mean too  I didn't realise that I had too inform both of you when answering the other? :S #whatdafuck x Oh it will ;b lets see when we do something exciting tho lol  RT   it better be fun thou;)  didn't notice me  nor did   nor has   booo hoo xxxxxxx Yeah. It's going to get worse before it gets better but I'm trying to keep it more on the axes side. I hope I didn't annoy you. Get so irritated, by the way u play it, like I cease to exist... My love fell into the abyss...in ur mind I am not missed... “ #ToTheKids who jump everytime the snow/ice slides off the house because its melting” that just happened to me! i wanna see yu  i miss ya cyd! Phillip Phillips deleted his twitter haven't slept in 3 weeks then? Haha ooh well done! I want 31 pages and more references than I have bones in my body  share? :-( aah hun. Hope you feel better soon xx sorry, I won't be around much for a few days, I have to get over shingles (chicken pox) and need to relax. :-( Madi Hoyer hates me  arrrhhhhh history exam soon I can't remember the last time I saw  in person cody I love you, the Brazil loves you. You not love Brazil?  &lt;3 RT  Etta James, Powerful Voice Behind ‘At Last,’ Dies at 73. Read, and listen: wat, someone said you were coming! I'm going out next friday, sorry RT  This homework kickin' my ass man i still can't jb my iPad I've been feeling sick and getting craves like crazy I think i'm gonna cut my hair. I really don't want to, but i need to I know  my dress was cute too at work I hate it when I buy a bag of air, and there's chips in it This girl has blonde hair like Julie and the same Guess purse Julie does, I always miss my sister  #LoveHer My body is soo weary. I feel like I was used as a bed while Tsekeleke was hitting missionary on Mam' Ruby. Not the turtles!  RT  RT  Kick Turtles Nigga. My baby nephew is doing that crying, screaming and coughing thing that I hate... I miss all of my Besties : ( well.. ;) ahh your alright bisquit, cept you take the piss out of me  so abused. oooh i wanna visit #DC when its snowing, i was hoping for snow during NYE weekend but nothing Ugh I have a pimple on my forehead! Wtf? The last time this happened was 6 years ago when I was 14! I can't go out until it goes away! I had a dream lastnight that I found a clean ass phone .. then reality hits Wen I look at my piece of shit damn  do you hate serving too or just the environment? Cuz I never see yous no more! RT  and these bitches smoke more weed then niggas To com fomeee RT   i've never been to GOTJ Arm suffering &lt; haha im serious  Same make up. Piercing. Same face. Same hair. Errthang. haha just kidding, youre way prettier. RT  I want hair like a mermaid don't have anything to do with my dad but not having parents through death/not talking/being crappy is a bitch  x DAPPY WHEN ARE U SERIOUSLY COMING TO NORTHWEST LONDON  I WANNA MEEET YOU.. REPLY OR RT OR FOLLOW!!!!&lt;3 I'm sorry! It just was ironic  luv u am ragin a wizni allowed tae go tae ur 18th :-( aaahhhh!!! &lt;3 I wanna go home  tryin to stick out this 1 weekend.. Then im home bound next 1 Might just delete fb, whats the point in having it if no one ever talks to me on it well they have potentially found evidence of an auto immune disease  I have to get some more bloods done in a month and No ball from Parnell means no wicket  but it's okay :) :) I'll make allowances :) I cant. Not for a while ooc ? yup! How come you weren't at school today?  xxx RT  Sometimes it's difficult being this goddamned awesome because I'm never included in any Twitter contests. I don't like Vegas but I love the huge suites. They don't have those in NOLA. RT   Will you ever do another dare jessie j episode? I miss them I can't stand being cold  hate this weather! Dear #Bescom ur 24hrs helpline isn't working! oh cool !!! I think we might be going to PR tho  for Ricky's and my sister's graduation but nothing on stone yet i hate opening chocolate wrappers or crisps wrappers late at night so everyone can hear me eww its so ugly outside  its cold and snowy and not pretty at all.... “ Bus time #tired #music” wish I was there  WIN TONIGHT GIRLS I just added them to mine! No way to just get the single pattern It's just me or everyone want to get rid of me? nope  mhazas giving list at 20 too but she is texting you cause she could pick you up if your near! so im sure you will.. RT  2011 was biggest VC year ever:  But Seattle's investments shrunk 55% Online marking makes me feel queasy  bring back the paper scripts! I want real scripts! Lol RT  I have guys hitting me up left and right but the only guy i want anything to do with, isnt one of them so kind of you to say so :-( okay this dress is adorable, no bidders Eugh, horrible planning My head hurts so bad I can't nap &gt; : ( #SOPAIsDead for now... who knows what will happen tomorrow  Is this the beginning of the First Internet War? I hope not... I can't try out this week  *sadlife* I think im gettin sick Ditto!!!!!  RT  im hungry, i know what i want to eat, but i dont wanna go to the store...the average struggle BBE you should have taken a photo of dat one Jealous  “ Watching the Princess and the Frog for the umpteenth time.” uhhhh 2 semesters ago frrrraaannkkkkss. And -_--- where have you beeeeeeennnnn  okay I guess! Well if you cant go to the back! I know right  I'm wondering when they are going to be together again.. I think we still have to wait until #Klaus is gone.. good god  those real? lol it's really rough Wah!   " went to get  birthday gift && they didn't have it -- SHITTY !" .. Eating My Subway It's slow is hell at work Awe  poor you So cold :-(RT  I miss my   : ( .....love you sis Splinter! I want him so much Shucks, I just left Vegas and stayed at Caesars Palace too aw.  sad face. they been kinda the same they going well tho. Lol you nvr hit me up nomore My mom h8s me. She cancelled my drug class Battery mi kicked the bucket  RT  Lanre na “  fuck u nigga” Alex text me back I'm doing that yawny :O face.  #teamfollowback #ifollowback #instantfollowback :-( why don't you two like it ? Can't wait to meet them all! Tried to RT your post but Twitter won't let me :-( how do you get so many yaaa but ur already there Hey alfredo please follow me? you do not even listenin to me ne? : (  16 Headache awww  just one of those days :/ well i'm here if you wanna talk I dunno what picture it is Amin Rain of bombs in kano! Lord have Mercy   pls keep my friends safe o:) oh my Robby when will I ever lay eyes upon you again i miss my best friend #DontStareAtTheBear Don't mind people looking at me I understand I look different, but I don't like it when they stare :-( it's closed today :-( Woke up with no voice please vote for me Just ate a shit ton of chips & salsa at work and realized after my mouth is ridiculously on fire I already drank my whole drink  #itbuurns quero ve o good help me.. ok haha :) but now you go out frome netlog Please give me huge #Marshugs, cause I'm lying in my bed, crying. I fell in love & yeah, you all know how that story goes on.  -R WISHING I LIVED IN NEW YORK RIGHT NOW!!!! I WANNA GO SEE  ON Feel dead I Gotta Tell  Something But I Think She Might Be Mad At Me If I Do will  be doing homework all day!!!! dreading my last prerequisite class #geology not my cup of tea With the rain comes shitty network! The fact that Levi just told me he's leaving for boot camp on Sunday  &lt;&lt;&lt; When chola girls take up the seats on the train and give you the death glare when you attempt to sit down. So you have to stand oh dear :-( Have you tried your sim in another device to see if this helps? Also do you know if anyone else is affected? I cant  believe etta james is gone  what else can go wrong? I have an IPHONE, you made me crrrrrrrrrrrry now  &lt;/3 “ Haha!!!!! RT  I'm jealous Thornwood have a pep rally today.” Something wrong with da iPhone. Imma send it to repair soon. Hope it doesn't take long time to fix it. -I Dont Want Them Friesssss have a great time away  such a shit feeling knowing we should have been going! Haha.See u soon xxx RT  Havent seen my gurlie   yet wish I was there I miss ha yellow ass I hate maths. Why can't we just do the times tables forever aw I'm so non photogenic, It's depressing awww sorry  ive never been either Lack of blood/lack of sleep?? Freaking migraine needs to go away RT  Yep Sad! RT  and these bitches smoke more weed then niggas Work  lol bc flyybitch is taken, want a girly night in :-( wanted to rest tomorrow but have to go get things I need for LA  x mannnnnnnnnnnn i woke up sick AF and a text sying my little sister fractured her foot : ( Can't believe I just leff town an ashtyn now gien town den  stupzzz lol aww poor you :/ aw really? Alone till then? my tummy hurts Arghhh throats killing me aswell Haha sorry pal, no need to shout  No Im not mate haha Awww Etta James passed away.  I'll have to play lot's of her today. he said no!! i have a severe problem NOOOOOOOOO! Now I feel like I lost the lottery... no no no NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!c agapaw polu polu!!kai mou leiyec para polu!!htan to twtter ckata without you #ThingsICantStand When I try to change my clothes while listening to music. I always think I'm a hotgirl & end up dancing to it  sigh RT  gotta start going to sleep with clothes on cause in getting sick ... un que és massa romàntic i sentimental  però que i farem diuen que: Qui ho té del néixer no ho deixa. This one lil message ruined my day al límite (((((((((((( Hey Justin. Tried to get you to follow me long now. So can you just give me a sign of hope ? never say never ... loosing it RT  My iPad 2 is crying for a windows jailbreak It Actually Crunches  Not Looking Forward To My Fitness Testing On Minday! Ellis can be a nob sometimes  lol Have to remake a twitter account  well its always good to restart something in life well no more good luck!! We are still waiting, but i feel the same Its a no ball bleh  yours? haha she seems sound now. Shouldve heard her on the phone haha she was like *SIGH*. Yeah it is  so gutted. One of the boses " -smh I jus got slightly irritated..." awwwww  lol umm I already have a lab partner I think awesome! I hate how the top is cut off though  you can still read it tho right? RT " Kendra said "shut TF up!"" omfg kendra shut up arent very nice words Hey alfredo please follow me? you do not even listenin to me ne? : (  15 my keypad doesnt work, cant reply to any pings "I was using #Megaupload to store family pictures that I will never get back now. So thank you for leading the fight for us." dura esa we both know the only rockstar i want and he just happens to be happily married  though anyone from a (c) entonces no eres russo? No tienes magia?  (?) I hate creepy, rude guys at Missouri Western I'm upset at you now just... friends Woah I just got super dizzy  this class sucks ass man. I'm bored. Big time. They all prefer him to be the opponent.Loooks like a night in :-( awe rude!!  Ughhhhh im finna get mad cuz tevin wont talk to urgh just need my bestfriend here to comfort me  evieeee&lt;3 Not feeling the greatest. Possibly getting sick  ugh! #hatebeingsick I miss Aida, Zati, William and Uma Sometimes I need to stop my over thinking brain and wheels and thinkers that just don't stop aaaggghhh Im sorry #worried need time to speed on a week or so.cant even think anymore #operationssuck I hope we get more snow tonight I think  you're right  Why'd it take me so long to notice D: D: :D I haven't seen  all day RT  RT if none of One Direction follow you :-( RT  All this SOPA/PIPA talk is making me crave Sopaipilla's.  #FoodConfessions aww taaaat  I'm currently on my way to....... PEE!!! :d ahah I swear I just found out about it like 2 seconds b4 I read your tweet! Woulda be amazing !  lol be the one to determine whether we get an A or a B  arghhh revise! Weds yesss?xx I feel like shit bahaha do you miss me? Ur door was open @ wk but I didn't see you  “  ohhh, im guenn, im so popular and pretty.....” Event 2 borgata started 12 k chips after second break I have 6 k .  next tweet will be 30k or bust i wanna let my hair grow , but i think i'll look ugly with long hair feeling sad now my bf gone away. miss him already xx George!! Hahahaha  RT  *i wud hug u, mara I hav no condoms ne* RT newii: Sadly  RT GeoDT: Why? Cos ur ... my necks hurtssss sooo baaadddd ! RT  Someone bring me food You're not?? it doesn't matter what time I go to sleep I wake up at 10 it's a habit i dont feel well am not sure if am staying  I work tomorrow :'(....... But maybeeeee :))) omg hahahahah! only if! it says that the discussion is closed  x « This poor girl died on her bday hours after tweeting this.  RIP... RT  Thank you God for a nother year of life» #blackberry loww Just heard Etta James has passed away, aww so sad :-( Plaster came off my piercing , how annoying  its still pretty though awwh so glad I finally got it done!! Anyone have spare tix for  convo w/  & Fred Armisen  tomorrow?  #soldout &gt; My daughter's message for me that she got me sent through sms: 'Soha misses you baba.' Baba doesn't know how to be with her at once RT  Coke just takes like vodka and coke He's telling me goodbye  .....doesnt sound to goood. please tweet at me before i have to fly to Hawaii and start commiting felonies to get your attention!!! I want 200 is that terrible to ask for???? I JUS BIT DA INSIDE OF MA MOUTH CHEWIN DIS GUM :-( DA ALREADY SORE PART I ain't going, living in Mexico never was such a bad thing till I met DV and wanted to live in London i wish you were real I keep unfollowing you by mistake!!  and I know we were like Sorry to hear that  I hope you enjoy that wine. Rusty call me! I'm so sad! I was looking forward to seeing everyone but I don't know, now rt   me too what did I write same  like when you think of them in relation to hands.. ew   I can't hasn't followed me  maybe  will ;) &lt;3&lt;3 yes! one of the youngest... haha damn I think I will mute all york fest tweets of      for the next 2 days Because Deryck has back problems I can't copy & paste it bbe  x Fancy a nap but... Sleep won't come I'm not forcing u Snowy  you take it willingly RT  Hahaha lol! PK, Christine is making me eat ... i know man, its not my fault, someone dared me to you already have a dream job have you completed the first one? I'm stuck on level 8 on the birthday section R.I.P Thia Fayie , love you and miss yyou  &lt;3 Just want Archie back we all feel like that man dw fuck him My knees hurt! Lol I took like 4 advil's and aspirin stuff, they dont work Ohhh why :-( oh bb  I know you hate them, but they are actually good, you know. players are happy to play for them. My dad's neighbour lost all his bees last summer - he's had a hive for almost 40 years - moved them 35 miles away for safety. aha I know i travel a LOT, but cooommon! Im kingston bound atm  i'm actually missing stokie! hows life vardicles? x Even though we got into it yesterday I still Love him. Even though we not txting each Me too girl!!! RT  Why am I lazy like this? Shuuuddup! And we missed Kyrin! Hey princess!! Sorry that I miss ur chatting time!!  Buisness in mitings beating up PMs!! :)) concentracioooon! Where are u? Sumler.. And yeah I seen you called, but it was late.. I Got Ashton Food ..So Now Its No Excuse .. His Doctor Put Him On A Special Diet. I really do!  Come home Lau! xx Who knows. He wouldn't tell me. :-( everywhereeeee :-( I pray for her youre fucked upp  hahaha 20 minute nap?? That's not gonna work for me. Bacon & icecream my mom told me that she doesn't think we should be facebook friends anymore ohhh  sucks to be me! RT  OMG! RIP ROWAN ATKINSON aka Mr Bean aka Jonny English.. arhh.. one of the british cinema greats you didn't tell me RT  That #FML moment when  doesn't follow you!!! Get Well Soon Brother  &lt;3  No hatred anymore Harvey  I'm done with being an annoying prick I hope my daddy is ok in this weather.  they need to give him a break always working him, KNOWING I b missing my daddy. CRAZY POST OFFICE! Going to have soup for lunch, fuck throwing up and ive not even been to propeganda before My dad is high  I want weeeeeeeed ! neee RT  I hate creepy, rude guys at Missouri Western Come on 5:30 plzmy head hurts  ughhh  it's horrible isn't it :-( wish someone said earlier I need a drink ahha thankyou for remembering mee sick  what's up?? Apparently the new Alan Wake is going to be for PC only. :-( yees  I love youu&lt;3 Me too  RT  I hate being sick. I thought I was going to die yesterday. I can't eat or drink anything, and I have the ... Feeling fluffy today, lol RT  Burke texted me and said " u r coming tonight " well damn I really want to go to Sundance but I don't live extremely close RT  If only you could be mine  guess you won't //Whatever.  i You're on other accounts on Seesmic. I give up. i really miss oomf. RT  it makes me so sad when I see old people eating alone She sent me a naked pic and I think I'm about to bring up my lunch I know  I hope so.. I'm going insane without a stable friendship here. I better be able to come see you this week :/ Ammmmmmm so so sowie  " u dnt even ask of me sef is dat ow we planned it??? RT  Loooks like a night in :-( I miss ME !  RT  Anyone still awake ? addicted to gaming and stuff! Its just to sad! your welcome :) aww that's a shame!  us #DVfam will keep you informed :) xxxx I miss my boyfriend Ditto! I'm hammering B Spec at the moment. Get that puppy out of the way before killing A Spec endurance races idek why I cant get rid if this damn cold yeah I am! :)) but I hate waiting around!!  I can't make it  I asked them to give it to a needy kid or to redraw. Thanks though. announce london show soon please ah tato beibi Awww  x when does your school end ?? And LMAO what a good idea ! I was watching it so I can mentally scold Lou :p my rutt has got to go. I don't like this #biggirlpanties I'm mad I hadn't seen ya since i been in town huh :-( I thought jack said you may come your pretty far away.....no can do  #sorry sorry he's forty seven, seems older. It's from Watford, not the East End I sure wish  would stop being a meanie today. I can't take too much more of this ish! I dont have the time right now  you got any cool new commercials right now to hold me over? I hope the post hasnt lost the letter I sent cos a wristband was in there :-( M.A ando sin señall my metions dry af, no one loves me Where have you gone!?  xxxxxxxxxxx Fazer, I could do with being cheered up! Fancy tweeting me? « thank you :) " finally in Oklahoma" i wish i was wit yall!! :-( goodluck my nigha! Lol» yeahh it's gone. but PIPA is still roaming the streets yea I know feelin' fragile, can't seem to get myself out of this rut :-( RT  Hate having a late birthday, not 17 till July man Still dusty down here...clouds, but doesn't look like rain clouds :-(  Hanford? aye true. Don't mind it really. More stressed about the 8 eggs and massive bowl of porridge before Haven't talked to  all day  #Wah No wonder why I slept all day. Every time I wake up my head hurts hey ill be on later tonight just so you know! sorry about yesterday!! I hate you O  me esqueceu Mood #ceebsunited :-( 3 words. I love you  x I'd say lets do something tonight but it's supposed to be bad tonight :///// maybe tomorrow if the snow is gone!?! Just started driving and already a fight. #shutup #4morehours RT  Ugh. I want I want I want to meet 1D, but that's crazy .  :/ LOL RT if u feel the same #sorryimnotsorry. You're mean to me you just wanna sleep(;
And in that case I wouldn't talk to you till tomorrow haha! I love your Martiii voice! Kettle chips are my fave #Jealous! Im a loner tonight #sometimessinglesucks Yess.. All Lat !   LMFAO ! My 👀 are watery💦 from sneezing I think I'm physically & emotionally sick right now!!! Cuddle Buddy...I'm looking for you RIGHT NOW!!!! I don't have a membership there anymore  and I've messed up my back. But I want to see yyour ddress! I wanna lay down and sleep this whole weekend Knee sore awwwww no  ur gunna miss rob miller tooo! :O haha! I hope u come soon tho! :-(   why so hateful hater? Pretty snow! #LoveSnow yeaaah!!!! cause i live in france and i can't go to the sundance and i can't see my favorite Monkeys :-( I really want an Oliver cuddle and I have to wait another two weeks  I wana go and see  but that's means I'd have to travel all the way to London...  #SucksHavingNoMoney :'( BRAZIL WANTS BELIEVE TOUR TOO FREDO  WE MISS YOU And on tv tonight..... Fuck all most likely  :-( ok *stretches arms out for hug* grows like crazy and gets into your house foundations... I know she had to get a company to remove it RT  RT  RT  RT  THIS SHIT NEEDS TO STOP!  &lt; :O &lt;  « hahaaa Missing  and   at #Strongrooms #SHOREDITCH : ( most bored person on the planet mum and dad watching some shit down stairs RT  , WHY lie to me? when i be true to you When  laughs so much at my glasses she ends FaceTime Julianna thinks I'm dumb I dont like needles and no one went with me so I was freaking out even more  wahhh r.i.p Etta James, you were one of the greatest singers who ever lived I haven't eaten anyone I miss him sooooo much My neck hurts ! is going to follow 100 people each day , but I doubt I will be in it  #neversaynever #believe my live without you have no sense... Aww Maddie  karma for ya!  #FirstLook look at me pretending it's real & getting involved hahahaha Fuck, m'n Nespresso caps zijn op what's wrong bambi? i didn't get to wave at you today  xxxx Ah man... I was in lead nurturing heaven and now the  site is down for me i forgive you. But i will never accept the word flexiglass. It's not called that! I miss you Hate when Sebastian has to get shots  makes me sad I never have a ride homee -_- I still cant shuffle tho Think I'm coming down with a cold  eating with my boo soon, then snugglin:) yeah you better be there!! Amoroso is playing a good set you can't miss that!! :-( RT  Ugh. I want I want I want to meet 1D, but that's crazy .  :/ LOL RT if u feel the same " Witt His Duck LOOKING ASS"awwwww : ( me too  x Between this insurance man talking non stop and my niece begging someone to read her a book ima shoot myself oh noo, when did that happen I Want Chocolate ,Ribs & Chips ,So Bad ! not at all :-( though, shouldn't we worry about mom? RT  Leaving for davis for the weekend. Hope my dad does not neglect or kill my dog It works both ways..... Wine mixed with SHLOER  hahahaha I miss home. I'm homesick. I miss my singapore's life. I miss everything in the past. I can't get over 100,000 on temple run, how do you lot do it Sorry to hear that  Looking into it now. have a huge headache I Need Some Company I was in year six man why is everything making me nauseous and im sore as fuck Left my phone at the hookah lounge...I hope  someone picked it up for me #fail to open the page I know, don't know how your all going to cope without me! :-( think of me when your all having fun! xxxx WHEN WILL MY IDOL FOLOW ME BACK? WHEN WILL BE THAT DAY? DID THAT DAY EXIST ? I LOVE YOU My boo sick nshit RIP Etta James  You were a legend! which rumours? There are so many!! :-( xx im definitely not fit either,ive forgot how to exercise i haven't done it for so long  haha that's because im long & bendy I made less this year than last year? But they took about the amount in taxes as last year? yeah I know. I wish I could stay LOL why won't you guys support me Beer and a bath! #heaven but no sky tv 4 a week!!  god likes 2 balance things out don't he!! #swingsandroundabouts stop I just had curry!  I don't want it coming back up :/ supposed to be revising  haha Just found out Etta James is dead, I loved her and that just made my day shitter then it was 3 minutes ago sorry wallah its a spam! Knock knock who's there ? Looking like no golf the day with this cold frosty start  winter greens I believe the face you were looking for was :-(  and :O RT  Denim overalls :/ Thinking about collage scares me gonna have to drink Miller in hot tub  #sigh Im shaking. It all happened so fast Just got a love letter from  ohh how i miss her sooooo much Hian! This bello guy is a terror na, am not like him  " Trouble makers on mah TL so hungrrrry  my stomach wont stop singing. TF is there to do tonight? ☺RT" awww....pele ehn  RT  Just weak.  RT" whats wrong RT  Not feeling too gud!"" sadly some of those stereotypes have basis in fact. :-(  Suffolk worse though. ;-) RT  Radio NRJ music director confirms the acoustic gig competition is over the Stockholm one:  No Bertlandia then ima probly write alot while i'm in basic RT   ahh man, no more poems :-( I want this RT  :o I forgot my ipod. No happy friday song party  ooops edwin , brandon , esai , & jonathan are making up shieet , so they can get me mad  #LateTweet . didn't think you wanted me too Oh no!! Good Afternoon my love!! i just thought you forgot about me.. i went home an started cooking dinner sorrry twitter won't work on my iPhone  #whitegirlproblems #firstworldpains fuck. " That spot in my heart that will never be filled  &lt;&lt;&lt;" Ran out of things to say to wiz :-( #notgivingup cravings for prawn mee Cycling shoes hold water! I may as well have just fitted cleets to a bucket :-(  There is two more #BellaArmy members who underwent a name change recently..  I am confused as heck guys lol. Sad much!  RT  RT  I just got a call, my friend and senior correspondent covering a ... Fuck had a seziour.  have to miss my math summative  fuck! i miss you  how are ya babeh? : ( happy birthday!! Was front row at your concert once and you were supposed to say hey to me but the crowd swarmed so sly I need better hours my installer keeps failing 10 times now RT  when everyone texts you, except the one person you actually want to talk too  I havnt got any of them!  I thought you were ignoring me! Ha! Xx I am not good when it comes to Words with Friends  but I'm not going to stop until I get one win from a specific person 💪😉 Watching Jerry Springer , but I just want to sleep . hey y xq me awuebas ?? I miss my  shawty! RT  I miss Seddie.  Anyone agree? I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2023 is such a mean person ahh no! I wish I can drive so I can go buy some food right now. cravings  waaahh work Me Too!   she was such an angel RT:  I miss Anna Nicole smith! nope! All free! :) my mp3 broke at spring harvest last yr, that had like ALL my music on WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?!?!?!? I wish my parents would bail me out of school for 2 weeks so I could either go to WI or someplace warm by the ocean  #utahblows its amazing how I manage to get dressed in the morning all by myself to be honest haha ! Miss you too blondie  &lt;3 Sick today! and missing my boyfriend i really want to ask you a question but i dont know how! RT  TGIF not so much fun when u can't have margarita I Got Cramps .     Ughh I Dnt Wanna Go To Practice . #Seriously ! She Kept Askinn Me If Im Cominn To Her Party ! I Feel Bad Im Not Goin . I miss  ,  , Yes!!! I swear... We need better food in our airports!!!  Diba you live near here?! Tapa king!! Workking till 10  Deffff need plansi clld ur cell : ( no connection it's well dodge. X x x aww I wish I was as pretty as Katy  x x. Xx  x Awake until 2am here in Indonesia. I just want to see you tweeting and may notice me. I hope you read and notice this. Aw why? Something wrong with the sushi?  im nowhere near motivated to go into work today  #lazyproblems RT  I dislike snow very much, it prevents people from cuddling and being together  #sadtweet i rarely get anything from there tho I have cried..   thinks I have lost it.. :-( We've lost  from this conversation...clearly not interested Why can't it be my birthday! I want my tattoo  #April14th Not feeling the best.! At all.!!| :-( x2 | Emotional :-( dont build up my hopes 'At last' is an amazing and beautiful song   Etta James has died at age 73: yeah and sorry for late I Cant Baby Its My Bday Tomorrow  RT   stay ur ass in. The house man that's why u sick now I'm okay now  thank you RT  and these bitches smoke more weed then niggas where r u staying?  Saw u had a tough trip Leaving school early I stopped getting email notifications for tickets RT  Everybody with they lil boyfriends and stuff  #Jealous I'm sorry I've left you  Tomorrow night we are gonna watch films and spoon on our home made sofa and just love life xx aw, i miss I have the hiccups no wonder why I didn't see you yes but its not on again till mon  +omg how did u get  media pics on here? It says files too big&crashes internet xxxxxxx oh right  hey it's not that bad like, I was hoping to do well in my football get paid to play nd work at tesco  breath smell like shit n she all n my face : ( RT   Could Lila be any cuter?!?!?! She had to go the vet today she was sicky RT  starting to feel sick whenever i eat again I feel like crying not looking forward to next friday “ Really want to hangout with  right now.” Anonymous asked: mor, qual ps vc usa? and her family were already fighting over her estate before she died... I hate doing homework on a friday night Just chillinnn, I'm getting sick again Cahlion! nopeeeee  None of my mates like them -.- so id have no 1 to go with  which sucks cause they r awesome! :) xx and  have been on tonight and ive had a tweet/follow from none Chicago winter rush hour traffic RT  My curls were toooo cute this morning  but I forgot to put hairspray so it would stay  ++ who cares its too cold for that Dagg , I Miss Youu Raheem wow  Thanks!! show is sold out now up until the end  xxx why what happened Havnt even watched any of the new hustle series yet  #whatisup i was suppose 2 come n town 2morrow ohh home feeling sick I miss you soooo much my little grasshopper!!!! well if my dad had got me on the rugby team would of been a different story Was only listening to Etta James yesterday  RIP lmao oh aren't you special? lucky bitch #Imagine You:- to bad ur taken by harry  Louis:- WHO SAID THAT ?! I'm taken by you ;) Fighting to keep my eyes open . Sooo tired Jailbreak is out, You need a mac though it just took me an hour and a half to eat a bowl of oatmeal . my mouth hurts : ( leaving me alone  glad that only for couple of hrs. sowwy shems, tell her i love her neh RT  ao shems, pelonyana ya  e botlhoko she wanna tweet but phone is acting up Feel betterRT  Hospitalised u can have fun without me u don't need me there Working  Idl that I need to travel anywhere Tutored today. One student is very shy, sweet kid. Doesn't really need tutoring..her worried parents want her to socialize w/ other kids. ah yeah I remember that not long til she hits the bottle now yeah I seen an old fat man fall out of his WOOOW, OKAY THEN My wrist hurts Where was  at today I thought I was gonna see her b4 she left RT  R.I.P Mr Bean  ♥ Good enough for me! But I suppose I should wait until after the basketball game tonight :-(  my quagmire days are over I forgot how much it sucks to have class on Friday  
#dontwanna awh bless :)... I'm still in bed.. Been ill I barely have time for it Seriously in need of ah Nap...... Well , bump the ipod situation -- MY TUMMY HURT  !  I miss my baby thats only like 20mins! x Fever, go away just have to keep Rt keeps saying error forbidden Can't stop thinking about him RT  Come back  and Willow  I miss you!!!! Love, Floyd Wish I could see drake live best tweet I've seen today...... But now can't get the song out my head and   I suddenly miss the both of u RT  My iPad 2 is crying for a windows jailbreak I feel so lonely I miss that!  is she a singer?!? how do i not kno her always lies to me Speak for ur self man rRT  Mayb the world has ended.. We are the ones left..!! Being on a downer because you miss your bestfriend am at work  I finish in 30minutes tho. #excitedit's over $1000 aaaH The boys of  are so cute *--* HAHA but not for you bitches HAHAH ' and not for me need to phone my dad so desperately  only another 30 minutes until i can!! doubt it..... probably the cough medicine exceeded the 4 oz carry on limit. sorry can't buy that ticket i Feel Sad Raina Never Replies solo de twitter?! WHY don't I have a car, a license, petrol n some insurance.. :-( am i a masochist? i love the sensation of tea burning down my throat and esophagus #sick hahaha! I'll end up eating them. miss my brown hair  #nostalgiedebb Aii boo “   when its back whatsapp me” *Sighs* ...... Is it Tuesday yet? Missing       already  #SouthLAnd it seriously is like below zero in my room and i don't know how to turn the heat up  Can't stop staring at the man in fronts burger king that sucks  I've discovered they're great for cramps too lol I Loveee you that picture made me misss you do much!!! she'll never notice me though!  Rih why don't you love me?! Haha I just spilt coke on the bed and cba to clean it up wahh Haganme FF's sad I dont get to see the boyfriend today RT  That moment when you realize your the most chill person you know... and realize its probably a bad thing cuz everyone else is a spaz! Pero He said he'll be there forever Miss you I'm not in the mood nomore O_O RT   RT  You gay? RT  Ladies if my chest is bigger than yours = no chance hablame por whatsapp Had 2 kids & together for 14 or 17 years, yes... I just want some mofongo! Wish I could just hope on the 1 train and get some   I miss wahi. poor girl  I hope it gets better soon! willy el video no termina, se corta RT   Just chillinnn, I'm getting sick again Cahlion! RT   remember that tune run gums she made lol &lt;&lt; Lol not even, I wasn't a fan of her i hope so too  hopefully it arrives the next days :) RT    hahaha graphic. Poor Gigi It`s hard to forget someone, that gave you sooo much to remember I think it's cos I got a strong Essex accent because I need a White Horse Delivery guy lmao  I don't wanna leave the room. It's bad out... No I'm serious. Bad news blaines-b0wties asked: I really wish I could, but I don’t have a paypal account  But, I’ll get the word... RT   have fun in Mississippi!! Sad I won't be working with you this weekend I'm tied up till after practice tonight  so be good without me you knew people though!  chumps?  #meangirl beach?? I'm mad depressed now  lol Dang i forgot to bring food to this class  #sadtweet My work fam really took care ov me didn't do much cuz I still got sent home I hate being sick my dentist hates me i had toothache & he kept changin the appointment & kept makin me wait  xx Screwed up smh! I was up too 😉☺..lol idk because that's what you wanted to do! I'm sorry Bus is so cold So I searched 'Robert Sheehan' and I don't think he has twitter I want to know who's supporting blink! It just says 'plus special guests on my ticket' you let me down.. poor boy Drank all my  & there is no soda machine here at work.  Do NOT like! u know what!! Ratings! All I wanted was to express my tension  sorry that everytime you see this face , all you can think of the stupid things that I've done ily dont get me wrong. that  was strictly towards school & my jail cell. more than excited to be reunited w those 5 sassy smiles oh you lucky thing! neeeeeeee ! GUUUUUUUUY, Brazil's waiting for you ... won't u sing somewhere in brooklyn here ? it's the best from Doo-Wops I miss him so much well, i dont have any ideas for a name!!!  but im going to have a fake relationship with Adam, thats for sure LOL LLLLLEEEEEEEAAAAHHHHHH!!!!! I MISS YOU! i really do y'know. Eww! I feel majorly harassed. I want to do my readings! So many things to dooooo :O hope you're ok!! My tongue still hurts Tummy ache Dunno what it is, but when I eat something it gives me the worst backache ever! Can't figure out what it is though I miss you  &lt;/3 leaving at 9.30am dear! Boo Hi Paul, that is longer than usual :-( Did you do the swap on-line or through one of our CS teams? Have to go buy new blades for the wipers on my car. This is how lazy I am...hoping my friend will be working and put them on for me RT  I want a snake so bad :-( what about us over age girls can u read my tweets?  it seems like you can't  RT  #IFYOULOVEME RT this... I think nobody - looks bad!  ... shit, find a nice male motorist to help! My ears are ringing kiran ur crazy I never said that !  u and jazz r the ones that like old people xx I have school till then   Kesho ni Saturday yo! RT  CAT tomorrow...my oh my. I dont have notes Heyyy my booo!! Imy  RT  i see my boo  !!!!!! RT  #iwish my boyfriend had my lunch When you're really looking forward to something and then they go and let you down :-(  15:30 O TWITTER VAI SAIR DO AR?  NAAAAO !  I'M IN BRAZIL, AND U ARE THERE, BUT I LOVE YOU! FOLLOW ME, PLEASE it doesn't work then Ready to go home. Time is going to slow :-( thinking about growing up really makes my heart sad What workout should I do today? Something that will F me up. I deserve it. I've been bad what she isn't omg I'm so sad now So red   #whitegirlprobs Omg the top of my foot always hurts now I wanna curl my hair but I don't know how shit son, on thursday last week? thats recent  oh xI already have a California king the headboard alone code too damn much Not loving life Oooo! Sori" *boko haram*  RT  O_o..4rm who?"fweshberry: I'm sick of hearing trash "" Lmfaooooo aww !!! i hope you didnt waste too much time on it lol  when we mentioned it he started like cracking uppp dang how did u know ahead of time.. I'm just funding out now at the gate ok will do now. Btw according to savannah he won't be there mon bc it's y11 parents evening (doesn't teach them) Not me lol RT    I'm sorry love Sttefan and KHATRINEE are dead  RT“ I want this well my wallet can't. Bomb blasts.?!!!! Not again :'( iedod man arī Not Looking Forward To Going To Work Today neither do i  #foreverbroke I gathered  boring day and I left early ha! Xxxxx So i have exam tomorrow pray for me pls but I wanted to wash your back for ya :-( :-P thanks. I read it. I was gonna paypal ABM that when i realized i lost my ATM card.  I am trying to add another card now Why does it seem like everyone's relationship went downhill at the same time? Bbm is so slow Sometimes being a woman just plain sucks :-( I knew you'd do this!! been ill for the whole of 2012 RT  :-( RT  Music legend Etta James died today from complications of leukemia. Remember the stunning singer: Ma cousine ..  ♥ Just saw the setlist for tomorrow night. Chelsea Grin are only playing 5 songs  #Disappointment So, it would seem you can pay for an app with an echeck in cydia? Guess I won't be getting Zephyr for a few days my lyrical tweetess coming right at you. I don't really get twitter Aiiiiiin whaaaaaat that's it I'm having a real crap day  I can't wait till my exams are done next friday & I'm free, what's been wrong tho? DM me, xoxo Nooo! That's awful news  xx so do i :} i hate school Ughhhhh once I get up and get ready I get motivated, but until then I'm a big couch potato #Wah I hate being in a store and the lines taking forever and I have to pee really bad  lol which trails u talking about? Wish i could ride this weekend :-( RT  if i don't go to greenman in the summer i might cry, i've wanted to go forever RT  Fancy a nap but... Sleep won't come #ThatFeeling when someone ignore you... MegaUpload is not working Preps OVER...  Off soon.. the only thing i'm sure is that he delete his acc. Other then that :/ so i not going to say anything muahahaha so you should. Just went to adrenaline and didn't see you  or megan please come back to me I Just Burnt Myy Elbow On Thee Liqhtbulb Amazing how one person can effect your mood so quickly and make you feel so shit  need to think before you say things Everybody told me i had no ass in these jeans today  i was so upset. Lol Dammit!, headache I don't wanna go to work :-( reply or follow me are you going to the show tonight? She's loose  RT  Whaaaaaaa? Lol RT  Paige just gave me bad sex ooooo damn  I wntd 2 ride till u said sun night. I gotta be back for the game sun is being mean to me Already arrived I'll just have to find myself a cold orange juice instead Where are my loyal followers ? I
can't get 1 DAMN person to follow
 for me?? yep, but i forgot to take my migraine prevention tablet this morning currently in process of your power bodybuilding workout, but the only thing is you are lifting double what I am doing why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee Liam?!?!  5 Where the hell am I supposed to send my kids now?! I miss summer Physical therapy. why???? Smh  I mean it looks great I like it did you dye it too? awhhh this is sooo sad  My favorite person in this daily soap is going to die Pizza for tea :-( hate not being able to stand up long enough to cook a meal All I want is to be happy & I can't even get that My butt hurts  stupid tailbone we don't have tails anymore i don't need you so u unfollowed me sounds fun  idk Wth I'm doin My typing gets so much faster as I get more frustrated, sorry barry #Imagine *Heading to Nandos* You:- I wish i could see Nialler  Niall:- Ur wish came true *kisses on cheek* Getting excited cause I got a DM, to find out its spam u asked 2 change dat class on purpose...Dats aite cuz u still gon do my work :p RT  RT  RT  Need A Big Glass Of Some Shit I Can't Pronounciate... &gt; Gabourey Sidibe?« I Said Drink Not Heart Attack only 8 months to wait, hehe! We need to organise meeting up!  xx Damon purposed to Elena in real life...she said no #awkward...(i didn't wana tweet at ma boy to make him feel bad I think ima closet Rick Ross fan I want a cat well, i guess that means i'm not brewing at the pub any time soon :-( we do damn I want some food but I'm not willing to leave my house I really, really want to go see DEERPEOPLE tonight... But my little brother called me crying and sick yesterday and wants to see me. ya lor... Think wanting to have class outing is impossible ill.com I STILL CAN'T SEE THEM  ( live on Aww poor maddie  #hollyoaks yea...i think... and it has been predicted that cold weather will last till march!! I feel so shitty COME OUT TOMORROW PWESSSSSE Most of my friends in Japan seem to be sleeping now :-( Sorry i forgot to call you last night.  It was a long ass night! its a lot to understand so young.. My mum has cancer and my little girl frets a lot :-( RT  missing the confirmation retreat this weekend i knoooooow!  she was the best! (( hmm i missed jersey shore last night I'm so temped, but I'm at work with no clothes and smell like a dirty Mexican  are you xx Not looking forward to closing on a Friday night sat in bed eating ben&jerry's watching angus, thongs and perfect snogging whilst 1D are in sheffieldRT   imiss you more I hate goodbyes I'm glad that your fit for spurs game and by the way you never REETWETED me yeah man  still sick? why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee Liam?!?!   8 So I passed out after surgery nice You're gay!! You, Justin, and Jesse left me alone in physics  ! RT  Its so depressing when you see couples together sharing ice cream ... And your there going I am so alone &lt;3 and dark grey with the similar to legacy icons Hahahha awww that's mean  tell them how syrian they are what going on with the #pixiepasscode thing.. ahhh help mee! I Cried Today .. and that my friend is where you went wrong  your not even a real biscuit. I tried hacking someone on FIFA but all they did was laugh at me Can't believe  is watching Warhorse without me and now I have to go with my mum. my mum HATES horses Still got an hour and a half before work :-( It's true love..me and my Meatball r both sick I hate it when it's like that lol!!!  but its our mr P that has incompetent people oh! Hey, i love you so much but you not notice  Follow me please? make me happy FINE! Whatever you win reido! Im glad midterms are over . My head hurts  .. Fact: Brown Guys Have Large Noses. Not getting my hair done hell yeaah . lmao Everytime I've stood up today I've gotten dizzy :-( RT  There's nothing to eat in my house and I'm so hungry  #helpme i HATE that FEELING, at  dont know I EXIST Nope  was gonna meet them on the radio tour, and gatehang for AFU tour but I had school. Met some amazing #teamsats tho :) I am awake early in the morning like this. I can't sleep  I realise that, i miss my "BOSS" ! :'( No, I missed that one. :-( Lol RT  Nope  RT  Is _hot_revolver_x really cute like dat????? *checking avii again* Rhonda ignored my call Was gonna eat some cereal but the milk went bad!!!! #HeartBroken just left from being w/ my mom  , she sick as hell . & i think she got me sick I did : ( That hurt :-( lol RT   Wait! they let you have a blog? this is why we need SOPA. #kidding RT   I misssss yu morrrreeeeee I miss island life I wish their was something I could say I hate seeing people unhappy  when it's that bad it can only get better for u I hope! Man some hot sauce got my waffles I hate the human urge to eat. Bye Hear**** I'm beyond tired I miss my Bestie   so much hmm, i think i may also have that problem already :-( Hey baby Laying in my mom's bed.. About to fall asleep but I have to pick her up at 3 Meh ohhh " Awww baby I miss u more  RT  Yom_mie im missing u too much "*passing by* So my face hurt, I can feel a cold coming   Grrr I'm not ready for this ugh.. sorry  if they come again, you can say sth like 'i was trying to be polite, I'm not at all interested, please don't come again' Im stressed again ✊ RT   youre never down to kick it #FF my ace boon  i miss her Cant goo out waldorf : ( I really want the blackberry that jessies got. So expensive though I'm feeling so tired and sickly; I hate it. facem hacklendi Going to miss my cuzzie tho Bust my lip , and jammed my finger so now it Swollen! Ughhh Miss my side chic  :-( #DumbTweet RT  RT  If an ugly girl gets raped she should thank God that's as close she will come to having sex Where are my loyal followers ? I
can't get 1 DAMN person to follow
 for me??  revising for my geography exam for tuesday  how fun lol how about you guys ? follows  on Instagram O_o . #LuckyGurl !!  . #TeamTI I'm a bit sad that you didn't wish me a happy birthday yesterday  ♥ it's a tough one  I wish I wasn't working RT   it is at this moment in time  & LMFAO at your mum makin your pay for your contract, my mums gettin me a new one on the 1st feb :D Smh RT  thinking about growing up really makes my heart sad I wish I didn't have work  come save me. Poor babe  Take some pills and rest for today :* It's good.I'm out of town for few days:)) Sunday gonna be a shopping day Take me to spain # missing aww  hope you feel better. Have yourself some "you" time i dnt know... I'm missing your tweets A music legend dies: so long, Etta James. OH NO!!! I forgot I have tea boiling on the stove!!! #imscrewed I'm always trying very hard to believe that its a typo when someone spells 'party' as 'party', but apparently, it isn't just when i almost felt comfortable to go swimming again...  im sorry for going on, i'll stop now Oh no! Jude I thought it was on later tonight  will they show it again? X where my food they sound so tasty man #FF I see how it is  deep just coz our name doesn't have the letters ZAM in it I just want cuddles Basketball practice it hurts not to see a date for Brazil in its list of shows. not really :-(  lol Work at 4  #takinganapfirst Real sad tree I tried to get some video footage of adam but it wasn't showing up well on the camera because he was at the back I really don't wanna go in 2day Yep  sadly busy busy trying to find out when the buses are :) u are far too kind sir! Although judging some of the backlash on this piece- I should shut my Amreeki mouth when it comes to PK but I am :-/ :-( am not home babes I will be in about an hour  xx x My phones gonna die n I got a 15 min walk to my apt. that means no ipod THERE'S NOTHING TO DO! Looks like another 2 or 3 weeks to get laptop in working order  order battery charger when income tax is put on debitshavonne helppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp i HATE that FEELING, at  dont know I EXIST   #ThingsICantStand not having music on loong journeys and the person next to you's music is so loud and you can hear it and know the song why am i so insecure NOOO, your photo GTA5 would be brilliant, but I doubt it'll be 2012 : ( Yeah I hope so ! I wanna be the boy who makes your bad days better; the one that makes you say "my life has changed since I met him". english FEU -.-
so stressing guess im not fun to ride with Follow me please Justiiiin?  &lt;3&lt;3 Back to  as  dealers suck this evening!!!! Multiple bad beats on the river when miles ahead :-( #badrivers ive never had a tweet off you..  make it my lucky daay? :) #FAZERITSONLYRIGHT ! :) x x Nothing can fill the Buffy-shaped hole. It's a universal truth : ( I want to go home and get my new car now. Aint got da ends at da moment RT  why not RT  Not gettin da 10s see how it is I completely agree  Well I'll probably be seeing you in our ed classes this semester! I have no idea who she is though? I miss when it said 90. aww  well enjoy lol. I'm not ginger shutup :-( That looks so good I could cry. CA has crappy pizza :-( , I really can't remember anything, don't remember count down, didn't even know I got a taxi home :s , I was fuuuuucked  x My lips bleeding! my lunch date is sitting here taking photos of herself, I would @ her but she blocked me need to die my hair but they only have permenent  only like using non permenent At the bookstore buying these textbooks. Bye bye money money money. ok, just been signed off for another week :-( but soon be back!! yeah and it has all my stuff on it ça y est ils ont fermé alloshowTV fml did the mirror break? didn't you get my text?  No reply? T_T I know you got no credit~ I told you to SMS me from Mel's phone My 'Senses' essay is already 10 pages long..and I'm nowhere near finished. U never said that about meRT  I wish Shay can just spend the night at my house Probably not the best choice to have had coffee at night #minimalsleep I don't want to work Just found out my stepdads father died... That man was the nicest.  it makes me sad. “  I miss u I wish u was here to go shopping”I'll be there next weekend! I miss y'all too I no I do want to try it but can't find anywhere up here that does it My nose &lt; truee!! I don't have ur number tho  can u text me? all i got is a lil bitty clip haha er...Idk who he is  oh btw thanks for the e-mail! ^^ that was rude lmaooo never ! Please  they come out tmo .. Im only a size 3 dance rehearsals Well now my fellings are hurt...thanks alot  RT  Ur lame af... oh nooo i think I'm getting sick I wanna go home il remember you said that  nasty person it hurts not to see a date for Brazil in its list of shows.  4 I no feel good :-( RT  ill be home 2day my Phenix City and smith folks =) .Yall leaving us this weekend !! My feet already hurt  off in 2 hrs #excitedbitch Lol Im Not W/Her ! Sorry U are such a tease I miss my boyfriend :-( I miss our crazy hang out days!  we need to plan something asap! Hey, i love you so much but you not notice  Follow me please? meke me happy 3 My arms hurt so sair especially when you just flick one Sum gal just said I have a phuza face :-( youre in puerto Rico, so is my baby Morehouse Cat.. I felt like tearing up cause we used to be so close. I miss my big brother. Missingmybaby I wish I cn b ther for ma folks and siblings at least, i'm afraid that i'll not live up to your expectations, i hope i didn't embarrass you baby. Can't get warrrrrrm :-( Kill, She Deleted Her Twitter Page.   i miss you too  I'm in desperate need to party w. you . I'm so stressed . I need a drink -.- Bummin' Wish I could hav sat in on what was said. But I had to work RT  :-( RT  Music legend Etta James died today from complications of leukemia. Remember the stunning singer: She said you're fake?! RT   where my food I miss playing with Chrissy & Junior & running up & down the stairs from my apartment to theirs. I just found a ridiculous damp/mould/evil mess in our bedroom  need anew house! lol #ThingsICantStand , Burger King new thick cut fries RT  For almost thirty years now I've been checking the back seat for an ax murderer, and there's never one there. he's upset. Somebody stole his tv...  I know. Hope it doesn't take the full 4 years to start a reverse Why do my legs feel so heavy? I don't feel tired. Yet every step feels like an effort. :-( Yep. knew this day would come! "woooaaahhhhhh sometimes i get a good feeling" - RIP Etta James Cam, give Gammy a hug from me and I'll give Lucas one for you! He's really, really sick. Ohh no!  It's funny that we had the opposite experiences though! why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee Liam?!?!   11 will you not luff meh if I'm fat? IB you're back!!!! ah 'sho milky way crispy roll Wah...... Poor Katy. She was so friendly...  RT  Katy Perry Unfollows Russell Brand on Twitter Please follow me duks Ive been trying to get you to follow me for ages  I Love You! xxxx None of N-Dubz is noticing me I am so hungrywhat happened be happy Ohgawd that's the last time im jumping on someone, i hurt my chin crewofbieber asked: Ühüüüüüauoöeüoaeöıi haha 7 degrees below zero  in other words, here, your veggies and fruit would pretty much be born frozen. However I want 80's! aw  lol you should of! Ill text you today hun! when u follow me back?  I swear I very want it  Yes JoMo if you tweet your 1 Maltese fan and 3 Germans it would mean so much to us  PLS LOOL why is she saying that? Does she not like us anymore ?! RT  All this SOPA/PIPA talk is making me crave Sopaipilla's.  #FoodConfessions &gt;&gt; Ok Ill txt u when I get off n check my wkly email frm her teacher about her wk. missed ur tweets..  I'm worried mommy won't make it home for a long time tonight Pain in my mouth is unreal. This had better not be a wisdom tooth on its way  85mg of codeine incoming! A Nypd police officer commited suicide while on duty. thats sad Good point!  Now I feel victimised for my sillyness  haha x I didn't know she would do that RT  RT  I actually loved Amy Winehouse voice so much  &lt; I'm glad she's dead // ...smh Myy Mommyy Boutta Leave! They don't even apologize! Nxx RT " Dude! WoW! RT  We getting educated  RT "T_Kute: Haow? Kanti what happened to live?"" Thinkin of the families of them poor wee babies that have died and r effected in the royal maternity hospital!! Bagi dong  RT  Kuwenyaaaanggggs (@ Elmi Hotel Coffeshop w/ 2 others) RT  anybody tryna chill ? I'm bored awww no more fighting with  about who's the real Tara of #ppmt Sean Avery feelings I hate when songs make me think to much sound bout right ... you told me you wasnt going to do this after that happen ... :-( haha i dont know  lol!! Lo siento! okay babe..I miss you kodwa I'm praying! I only have three finals and they're going to be horrible I can't drive to Pittsburgh in my car, it's unsafe hehe, nah I would probably have drowned if i'd went out I'm about the height off the puddle  you? xxx and  bully me at lunch  #wahh I would love the airport now 2 get out of this weather. They say now 10 inches in chicago.  I want to cry. I want my spring back sirinee i miss youuu is cuffed ..? dont tell me nothing anymore  i see how it is! #MrCelebUK it would be so hard for me to meet them because I live in the states and their show is sold out  a phone call PLEASE hurry and get back to the toon we miss you :-( xxx #camtwist why you breaking. my stream won't stay up I really need to change my pro pic, but everytime I say I'm going to do I never do “   hope ur not talking about me jk jk lml” -____- you better be joking!!! Hahaha i have tried asking in Xbox forums for input before, the community managers are great. Others cannot be bothered Samuel got his flight date. He'll be leaving for America next month :-( RT  : Saudades da how long do we have to submit desk pics? I'm here stuck at work! : ( Of course as soon as I move away from London you guys play there!  So sad, I am determined to see you play live some day! Fuck you, lips. You hurt Fuuuuck!  RT  Mmmm BBQ lunch today :D. 3 days and I could have gotten my license in Cali  #sadtweet Yeah sounds good. I'm working for a few hours both days so won't be relaxing that much this weekend  x if i had the funds i would chirsty!! ive got 20pound cash and 4pound in my bank.... #epicfail! Omg Etta James passed  R.I.P loved her music dearly  iknow  thats why i really dont want too. And awwww :/ Shutup  RT  “_TayStackss iPhone shawty! :/”&lt;=======TRADER!!!!!!!!!!!! I was gonna take my little brother to the movies but the movie he wants to see is rated R •-• gahhhh this sucks pulllin the don card Just ate an cinnamon toast thingy and my whole chest CAVED why do you say thanks to celebs but not me your number one fan  xx RT  I can't keep a straight face when my mom asks me 'nakol eh'.  #FirstWorldPains My boyfriend works all weekend... You suck I bricked my old phone. Smh. One Android in the trash sadly It's sad when young, talented people die  R.I.P Sarah Burke [*] Gonna get a stomach ache from this french vanilla  (N) mending maen cut the rope sampe subuh Just got home - 2 & half hours on m25 :-( no  i didnt.  they had my schedule  competely  messed  up.  i only could  keep 1  class.now i  have classes everyday! Ajaa  RT  Ugh. I want I want I want to meet 1D, but that's crazy .  :/ LOL RT if u feel the same RT  For almost thirty years now I've been checking the back seat for an ax murderer, and there's never one there. RT  I hate texting ppl without iPhones lmao I be having to use them lame ass smileys. :)  :/ ;) tweet me before my phone dies!  #RockstarForNumber1 loves xxx Omg i got replaced quick! i miss my ipod “   &lt;   He Sold my BOX CHEVY!” awww yes unfortunately i miss raquel, i feel like i barely saw her this week RT  “ Tired and hungry! Want a bacon egg and cheese sandwich !!” omg I'm hungry now too much to do here why u homeless? What happened? Everything OK? Now ya got me all concerned about you 1st i go from missing my la sister everyday to now missing my brother in the same way loool i actually thought I saw him today, I even said to temi there's Shay's husband, but it wasn't That woke me up from my nap. I feel ill yah I miss getting those One Tree Hill gave me unrealistic expectations for guys.  #love Nathan and Lucas! what's up bebby  xz I have a 5 series now. Miss my 1 series coupe though :-( I'm sorry  I'll shut me up for ya lol Sum lesbian stuvz hehe" Ahhh! u moanin!! #14yrs tho  RT   tokoni ooo..." why don't u show me any love tho thanks for leaving the Eagles.  I need to buy a new jersey but I don't want to bc my fav is # 2 ... atleast it's weekend and not school tomorrow though ♥ its horribleeeeee D; I feel like I've swallowed a tub of snot and now I'm coughing it all up! #iswalllow HAHAHA  School & track is lame w/o yah  . Lol we should reunite ^_^ #disaronno guess I used to have a social life & a love for disaronno lol then I got a full time job RT  #ThingsICantStand waking up from the bestest dream and suddenly realising none of it actually happened WHAT it's an amazing filmJanuary can b such a crap month!...poor Bert wont b at my wedding now crazy day at work felt it was not a good 1 SAD  I wish I was there! I hope everyone had a really great time! it hurts not to see a date for Brazil in its list of shows.  5 Won't cease to pray for peace for Nigeria! I Love her! Dez bombings and death stories realy need to end soon! LORD HAVE MERCY RT  awwwwww ,  sick .  i hope u feel better  . :] #dislike!!  fin now anyways :) x Aww, we don't have TJ Maxx out here  Maybe I'll check our Marshalls. why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee Liam?!?!   14 I tried to work something out but you just ignored it. Nobody wants to play scrabble with me I have so many issues, the top 2 are, trust issues and jealousy issues! aww babes  #missingyoualready no  since 2010 when it was released, but idc :D " u hvnt seen itRT  Time to watch Tangled :D ♥?" My last game of chess was played 90 days ago. Before that over 500 days have passed. This makes me I'm bbbaaccckkk bitches!!! :) Missed all of u fellow barbs n kens ;P!
 hows #PiNKFRiDAY goin gor ya HB? IMY!! I'm not shit No one ever askes me such  RT   hope u good omg, crying...   I miss Steeger so much!! (but that hair) #notsotrendy I just wanna go home Wish my back was sorted  i would actually get the train to southport right this minute! RT  I wanna go out ffs RT  BlackBerry is broken now as well... « Join The Club Fab  RT  Sorry to announce that we have a track defect at Liv St, affecting plats 5 to 9 at present, updates will follow. Got Decisions To Make I have a tummy ache. - I hate the one of me and Jack, I'm pulling a really horrible expression :/ I didnt see it :/ my phone didnt say miss xall or nuthin aww all right  &lt;3 sawwy babe missyou&lt;3 you have to tell me what it means same here, after 3 weeks of holiday..lot of pending office work so busy...only tweeter to relax Lmfao idk!! But That's Meannnn I hate taking pills  ...but the thought of a chewable Excedrin Migraine pill.. Yuck! RT  RT  I actually loved Amy Winehouse voice so much  &lt; I'm glad she's dead &lt; man In these moments is when I need a native english speaker with time and nothing else to do, to transcrip this whole thing... Walked home in the rain; that was an intelligent move, I came back with a clear head, and a runny nose.  :D ahh I got the cravings too now  booo (N) I CAN'T... :-( RT   u never share I hate conditioning my hair , see the way water is dripping on my face from under the shower cap ameen ameen..thnx love  :* soooo i logged in on my bff's phone and im STILL logged on  ughhhh! pissed im sad to hear that. My day is awful... got a minor concussion. I fell Im going to the emergency room because my stomach feels like its about to burst ok, so far I'm not doing well! downloaded Calibre, imported my PDF & converted as text, doesn't open in iBook I met the boys yesterday, gave my twitter name to Ast. He dm'd me but forgot to follow  (c) Sad face huh ok  "  Dang Bff if only there was some more.!!" Haha fair enough, well it has been 14 whole months! D: 13 months too long  I remember when you were like still pregnant! E tsena ka 9:30 B said. RT  Dude! WoW! RT  We getting educated  RT "T_Kute: Haow? Kanti what happened to live?" And me I miss you too. we probably won't see each other anytime soon Aww, Poor you aw I hate being sick  fml with this work out.. Me  &  haven't done anything together in 4ever Me too  but that's trading RT  Shocking to see Sears is up another 12% today. Shorts are bleeding profusely. $SHLD Not in a good mood DE VERDAD PLS! VEAN ESTO...If animals were able to talk..:  via   fallo hoy  pero PLS ve esto just my family  im alright now thanks babee xxx me too. &lt;33 I want this so much. But it's not real... I'm fine with all of them, apart from the kiddie stuff I'm free this weekend RT  Im neverr gonna see Yeah os haveis ido  esto esta offline

 ( live on wish i was seeing snow patrol in dublin tonight So do I.  RT" I miss this do much cc: We get to leave work early 2day because of the snow storm yaaayyyy!!! But gotta drive home through this ish tho ahhh maynn I wanted u to throw me some thanks a lot snow storm outside therefore stuck inside 
#ihatewinter RT  Playing #At Last  in memory of Etta James. RIP : ( no more countrydiahs????  lol MISS YOU DARLIN! xoxo Ugh!! Got woke up from my nap in the worst way...my bro Kevin yankin my damn cover off of me  ....stupid! I miss my family so much I have a huge headache like I can't even deal. I wanna go home weeeeeh Friday was Doughnut Day!!! For my Dad.
Friday was Test-Day!!! For me RT  RT  Wow so Etta James,  mom died yall. R.I.P. Delonte West must be taking this very hard. « want pastry shoes sooooo bad : ( RT  “ Can I bite your lips?”/no /lol eu ? Nem sou ow . I´m deep in a hole today. I know I should get out there alone, but I need a little push  i thought u were my fairytale..a dream when i'm not sleepin'..but i guess i was wrong! you forgot me RT  Double Chem awhh im sorry girl  but #imdyingwithoutyou the Asians annoying me.. noooo i hate the movies sofia come with us i wanna know  xxx so i bought the new iphone, but havn't facetimed once and rarely use siri :-( I was getting all teary eyed - NO  LIAMS GONE WAHHHH surely the contestants children should be allowed to watch the show? Poor little Bobby!  x  its not you me at six cos they're on tour  I hope its a band I like I feel bad for you has headbutted me in the nose, fully abused my face and kneed me in the mouth tonight  why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee Liam?!?!   13 Nothing to do. grrrrrrr down there....yes jodie it is sorry my messages arent sendingg  ( live on&lt;/3 Legs day at the gym I miss my dad. :-( Sad.  But that story is almost 4 years old. Yesh  Already in Malaysia! Wbu? Ui , a cleoni me esqueceu  OAIDSAOIDS iknow  I need to change it #sillymistakes why does  always notice everyone but me?  busy guy i guess working on some new stuff &lt;3 My ear keeps popping the twitcam keep freezing  ( live on wish I could go to the' welcome to paradise' tour! But you are not coming to my country  and I won't go to the US till july RT  He not on twitter RT  CO ASK!!! RT  Guys Shorty *faints* what's Junior Singos twitter handle Patience is a virtual.just saw som1 get kild by bus  RT  This train is pissing me off..we all have places to be! #TfLmadness lucky!!!  I heard they gave em out for 75 to all UT students? PSH. no but yout was serious that time...u hurt My feelins your website doesn't work on iPhones  but think I have the right answers :) Didn't get the job would actually do anything to have naturally straight hair that was such a hurtful thing to say Seryoso ako sayo. At kung ikaw hindi. Fuck that shit. I'll be a unicorn. HAHAHAHA don't do that .. I had no control over that If anyone finds a thick tan leather bracelet that says Peru on it please please give it to me!!! I lost it today and it's my favorite RT   its bs Jazz!  seriously  Man I wanna see  again People use everything the wrong way.  Nada, I miss you &lt;3 Why can't I draw noses or hair right LMFAO, no. Not yet. I'm waiting a full day to see if they give me everything back. I really hope they do. :-( the cold air hurts my lungs  #hatewinter “  Stop trying to make fetch happen, it's never going to happen!” Mac n' cheese without salt  &lt;/3 RCA L32HD31 32" 1080i HD LCD TV Television - Great Shape! Won't power on So I'm sitting in sineads car alone in lozells waitin for her 2come back& there's a man outside the car starin like he's gna eat me alive I needa doctor no not last night. Going out tonight and tomorrow I think :) we all working tomorrow  boohoo Why why why? I'm not gonna make it at work I feel horrible :-( RT  I really need to get.away before I lose my head  #ineedavacation // Come to Mississippi ;) summer went SOOO hard. I kno! :-( i get out at 1:30 also, but i have work at 2 today.  darn... Hahhaha i miss you too! I feel like i never see you! Soooo much pain RT  I wish  would retweet me! I'm jealous it is currently 3 degrees and snowing in Ohio  wanna trade? stupid math! I want Eleanor's legs Oh no, that is a tragedy!  We'll try to keep you in the loop! “ aw, RIP Etta James...” smh Unfairly treated sibling! My mum bought me the wrong Krispy Kreme so my brother gets 2 but I don't anything instead ... i'm feeling really bad i'll just pull off and have her drive the rest of the way thank you :) why 'lol' though? Me too  RT  man..i miss my bestie!!! Idk why.. But Jas thinks my reality is higher. It's the money that fucks us over ;  Why Noootttt ?? Im Sick I agree w Jon - means that dog is not being taken out for proper walks + no animal likes going in its own mess I was hoping to move next month but it isn't gonna happen sigh...don't know when it'll be now Out of breath from standing up and walking to the bed!.. im soo unhealthy! RT  Last week living in annapolis, ha :) me toooooo it keeps freezing  ( live on just like i am thankful to hav a sis like u i miss u i never got it  how you feeling? I need a straightener in so much pain RT  I Just Can't Really Believe My Bestfriend Is Gone Its So Unreal To Me  #TieTie bombed that math test :-( I understand idk y my parents ever let me out the house RT   Omg that is soooo losey x bae, my tummy hurts RT  I hate being shy I've just shit myself up thinking about sheep Getting Ready for a party... First one I've been to in a year! I know im a sad person my lil sis just said my hair looks hot,too bad youre face doesnt  and my mum just nods lool. i am actually hurt Ohhh well I'm still trying to find people I know  I need a job too! I lost £10 the other day! I bet his tom bout me.I'm finna get off soo we won't be arguing on this mf. Ttyl guys Ima big babe  just got my shot. stalk  all the time but she doesnt notice  WELL jel Reallly messed up on this one.. 
Misssss himm!  
#Mad at myself. The entire Do Something club hates me. That probably makes me a terrible person. #SadFace eeeecht ooh I see  you will one day though! :D oooh, who did you meet? :D RT  I'm in that emoshh mood. Where's  :'(. Baby I miss you  erghhh. U okay? Text me. This pain is unbearable :-(  :-( we all do sweety just know hes coming back hes practcing thats a good sign but i doubt he play philly 2morrow though  yho seen my n-dubz wall plzz look         xxxxxxx Why poor Katy? Good Katy RT  Wah,Poor Katy. She was so friendly.  RT  Katy Perry Unfollows Russell Brand on Twitter 2nd unit just started. I want to go home  So cold :/ I need someone to snuggle up with im mad @ you!!! me too! My place allows cats but not dogs. So not fair young lady? I'm older than you haha and that's a bit mean  ps you gotta text x  Fooooooooooooooooooooood just wannna go to barstoool blackout but i have cheerleading wahhhhh U beta beg me RT  :O  RT Hollarjhumoke: I wee tell ur uncle RT  WTF?! This my uncle get "longer
throat"... :| i miss   will you be playing out and about soon?I want sushi... Asshole   I see how it is not that i know of signing off for the night now feel like death warmed up. will most likely miss  twitter spree as well  #oneday 😊 no bother :') stillwish you were coming Im ready to go home... Buuuuuut I gotta go to work why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee Liam?!?!   18   Damn!   “ My heart goes out to Channels tv whose great reporter has just been reported dead! I pray it is all a bad dream.”  I hate it hihi thank you but we didn't talk If the Vaseline is not to put to good use then YeaH Ini ada cokolatos (˘ڡ˘) RT  I'm hungry and I'm afraid to get some food Its red , Anybody out there know how to get rid of the error on our Wordpress based site?  Wordpress won't help us  Thanks! ok  how come live scoring isn't working for slopestyle? Anxious to see how the #bros are doing! &lt;im not to bright, i dont understand the question&gt; I hate you guys I just wanna take a nap I am soooo happy haha I dont think hes reading our tweets dont make me sad.. teehee seasons are complete, just waiting on word about Season 5. I can't be hooked just to have it end You make me feel like I'm living a teenage dream u kno already I know Ria! Ugh the worst! and yeah...I know...  I need a date to go do my nails with ! haha not sure:/ guteed i didnt get tickets  so upset! xxxx Joggers are soaked and so is my barbour , necks killing me and growing pains in my leg  #greatnight Table grill blew up  plan b on the breakfast bar with  !! oh I know that one! I walked in & the smells & GIRL beagle was SO good. Then mummy left me & they operated just realised how much I miss you in towie!!! Been watching the first 2 series all day.. Come backk into it Don't feel good I'm going to let you win just this once because you deserv it :D I miss you a lot tho  xx &lt;3&lt;3 xx Only one of Dario's friend that i considered my friend was Anthony. And i knew him before i knew dario. But he dont like me anymore sooo  please :** my mum said i don't have perhaps no prom she's dead I know, i'm so stupid, sorry I need to eat more bananas. I bruise way too easily sad face You know I hate driving. I can meet you halfway!! But going all the way there awesome I hav 1 partner who only knows pedigree chockeslam sweet c music DDT and clothesline How many of you got the FREE Secret? We missed it This part makes me cry everytime!!  #RollBounce if i was his dad i would have BEAT bow wow though. Lol I hate spending 30 minutes with  #sadtweet He never pays attention to me Big Hug, sorry haven't got any wine or indeed any alcohol :-( haha all I can think to say is... I'm gonna be on Ofongs shit list FOREVER RT  #ThingsICantStand , Burger King new thick cut fries you aren't following me about to start looking ugly outside i dont care. fringe is being really mean  fringe can moan all it wants I still don't feel good RT  Arme Nancy he was on the next one haha I just finished reading 'All Around the World' for the millionth time. I can't get enough of it! I need an update so bad Iguall   But I also want one DAMN AMERICANS!!! and i thought they were cool Yup. Took my body 18 months to heal after killing it for 3 years. Oh GOD. Bit too much information there!! Awe poor you though  hope you get better soon! layed offff ! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH ! Follow me please? Dont Ignore please huge sad face  I'm on my way. I feel like shite Thanks! Gutted it's the last one next Tuesday! I hate watching any horror films  such a wimp good luck on your gig! Wish I was there    loveyou,xoxo RT  omg major grammatical error, just going to die now I know &lt;3  I just don't like it when my babies hurt...and when there isnt anything I can do about it. It sounded like a bear :-( I swear u so handsome and talented . Please follow me  It's my dream 9eej you came dear dalooli?  sorry walla; but it was 10-10 working hours only; and today masha Allah all flavors finished ( why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee Liam?!?!   17 ya edy = dead How come whenever I throw something out, I more often then not need it the very next day. maann I wish it would stop snowing ! Lily can't do us good in the snow  I want to though ! I hate the advert for Harvey's furniture before Coronation Street:-( :-( Dear john #ThingsICantStand is when people put you down it go cancelled  we need to hangout though :) How can she say she wants a 'h' belt and not know what it means  I'm sad lolllllllll Hermes mu'fucka Miss my me too! I haven't had it in forever though where can i find a girl like you? OK. I just can't sleep aww .  i feel sorry! everything is going great. and there ? :) haha, unfortunately my substitute is fruit In peckham - #SouthLondon I don't wanna get robbed DISAPPOINTING REALLY SOMEONE DISLIKED BOTED ALL MY VIDEOS “ Rest in peace, Etta James. We hope you're in a better place.  One of my all time favorites! So sad! i just got so excited... douchebag Let me call JJC cuz me and this online class aint gon get along at all :-( very bad times  indeed  definite no I was meant to be going to Bournemouth next weekend aswell  You in town this weekend? that's not niceFuckinhell I'm ill  I've ate some dodgy food along the line somewere Gotta get used to the single life now  (via yup! He's a very nice person, am so grateful that he's also one of my closest friends. Gw pernah susah-seneng bareng2 The snow is almost gone  
I love the snow !! Sigh, fine I'll make tacos then : ( Lithuanian main course. Potatoes with meat, meat with potato, potato with potato, and sourcream. Yuck. oh yeah! It was prolly that. Ew thats fake mean...shouldve went Cloud App is still down on my end. You see a lot of crooks and the crooks still crook 30% though ,  Women crew bare souls, and much more, to row the Atlantic | News  They're here now, but no such sightings... :-( Awful grammatical error in my last tweet I dreamt I was at  of happening tho Car smashed up!  no car for how many weeks it takes to sort it out. #pissedrightoff WHY YOU DONT KNOW I EXIST UUGH..  &lt;/3  “  tweets about "him" &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;”.....lol :-( sorry !!!! Me n yo dad really in love tho I have to acknowledge him This probably the last jailbreak we will ever see/do...makes me feel like I should've had a 4S I miss all my pets, they're all gone. it makes me sad when I want better 4 someone but they don't want better for themselves I dnt kno nun about cars OMG SOOO AWESOMEEEE , I'M ABOUT TO WATCH BABY TV  #FML keep me tweeted wi score!! Couldn't make it :-( that wasn't very interesting news :-( Omg my nail guy is busy im not gonna be in north jersey by 6 My throat is swelling up and it feels like I've got sand paper in the back of it!! No rehearsing for me tomorrow  although I will try ☑ RT  I hate texting ppl without iPhones lmao I be having to use them lame ass smileys. :)  :/ ;) I fucking miss you .  RT "  ten ten twenties on yo titties bitch" I couldn't be a part of it... I feel so bad... Sorry Im such an idiot. Why did I freeze up instead of talk to you?  ughhh! Don't Have Much Time && I Have Alot To Say, Show, && Do. . RT  She was once the reason I kept on believing. Now I just believe that she won't come back. Won't come back  hmmm No one will be glad, everyone would be sad that someone as beautiful as you took her own life, please stay strong I think I ate too much... I feel sick tweet limit  ----&gt;                :  the dreams come true? Answer me, let me know if come true :) Boooo  RT  I Never wore Anything Johnny Cupcake I saw ron jeremy outside... I knewwww there was gonna be a cameo ! I wish I could watch it. Won't work on my phone Oh hahah :L well I can come round on Monday for a bit if you want :) I need to revise this weekend for my history exam  &lt;3 Can't find some tweeps on my TL anymore..dunno wat"s wrong.. Man, I have no life Really not looking forward to this weekend  don't really know what i'm meant to do anymore :'( Wlcme :* "  ameen ameen..thnx love  :*" I Miss You  ♥ #Gn lmaoo you corny b RT  Sometimes I feel like busting out into the worm or the robot NOOOOOOOO I need it The gilr i want to be with! the one who i only CARE for hates me now my twitter & facebook both work...only bbm doesn't. Can't send messages! what about me? ((( Your not my weakness ... Math is ;) / :o / I'm at home, and dunno how to fix the internets Giving up on finding another superzoom camera for  ´s tour  So that means no camera for me on tour, sooo frustrating Missing my babykins♥ Need cuddles   ♥ playing god, aaa paramore man, why are you so good? :-( I know what you mean. A yo Kidd!!!! Come back! lol sopa and pipa are dead.....but so is etta james RT  RT:  
R.I.P. The Legendary Etta James &lt;&lt; yes, a great loss to the music world. same but I'm kind of scared to find out incase I'm on holiday Anybody know some cops in natchez? I need a ticket removed ugh its not on on directv #theawkwardmoment when u see a pretty lady tlkin to a bank teller then she turns around and is pregnant & kisses the teller who's her BF my nights are meaningful if you sleep beside me.  #teamfollowback #pinoyfollowback #teampinoy #ff Keep smile brad RT  -__-" RT  Go ahead ☺ RT   Unwell gue  RT (cont) hahahah Jorge your so dumb (: , gosh come back NOOO I CAN'T WATCH IT BECAUSE I HAVE TO GO WITH MY BROTHER TO THE BARBERSHOPPPP, lol Don´t be sad ... I love you soooo fuckin' much !!!! &lt;3 Tired, hungry & FREEZING  oh and my phones almost dead. #wahhh #superwhiney Oh no! Vacation almost over...  better make the most of the weekend! Sadly oil is being pumped out of Africa and Asia as we speak. Africans are paid a paltry for their natural produce why not? wish you didn't live in chicago I'm so cold Get out of it!! RT  I'm in such a funk So would love to be on holiday right now getting a nice tan!  getting away from this place!! RT    Ui , a cleoni me esqueceu  OAIDSAOIDS RT  I Cried Today .. Thus cold just won't completely go awayyy no Bryan show this year  ll be behind the camera & doing a lot of editing this semester Btw, well jel she's been curled up on mums knee before mine #oomf juss told me my Avi makes me look younger than I am I feel your pain I HAVE FEVER  really wish that the publisher didn't have the 1000 follower rule...   Silly little blog. is gay for not coming to 3rd period that's bad  x faraahhh post here justin's new haaiiirrr sat here al day. Have to sign out. Lost hope ; Why? tweet limit  ----&gt;  :                       the dreams come true? Answer me, let me know if come true :) I actually hate being tall  I'd do anything to be a few inches smaller #notfair This is no #live it's a repeat mus :-( my dad says I'm horrible to you on twitter. I'm sorry  #liestomakemesoundnicer My neck and my back hurts. #TeamNORubDowns Why is my house always such an iceberg? I swear one day my mother will come home and find my frozen I cant used twitter.. i need a life helper  whats the new thing for us??!! RT   babyyy! I miss you too  &lt;33I miss you on bbm babycakessss ;)  I'm in bed laddd watching some shizz on tv :* why are things hard in this block ?  RT  Anybody out there know how to get rid of the error on our Wordpress based site?  Wordpress won't help us  Thanks! nope  dying in bed with flu *huff* you x Thanks 😉RT   wahhh  okay well you have a wonderful day at school young man. Lol You never really follow me? That is very sad! It's impossible! they'd all be ruined! :o I can't think about it, it makes me sad Stupid apple lovers dont give us windows tramps the same oppurtunity  ( *gobbles up 3 slices 4 you* :) ........ iM G0iNG T0 REALLY MiSS  THiS WEEKEND daaamn that hurt #ouch Still marking essays from last term  got an email from head of exam board, he needs the marks by Monday, weekend planned! I hate it when black people make jokes that only black people can laugh at neee  Le dare un #FF a mi hermosa  I miss you I did Aww maaan  RT   Well, I know who isn't in the running to be the first baby momma of my 4 boys. lol lmao I was sad tho they deleted my instagram GUYS I HAVE MAJOR BAD NEWS.  got suspended  waaaaaaaaaaaaaah! edenbridge, Kent but Lily has been missing 19 months now so coul dbe anywhere in the UK Lol I'm offering sòs pwa lessons RT  Thought ab   the other day when my soispwa came out thin :-( i bet.  hopefully you feel better soon. How is school going other than busy busy busy im really tired... :-( i bought toto and i dint win when i used to be cute  #goodalltimes My baby's off her food & milk hospital? For what? I know! And I took my Gucci in today, they would have had my phone and that's got all the pics of Annie  xxx Oh thank god for that! The squeaker from Juno's toy has broken. I can finally be happy again!...she looks sad hahahaa, its not my fault uu need a bag ova ya face.!! RT   lol :-( u gone stop callin me ugly Saw your article. Thanks for trying it out! Sorry the experience sucked.  We're working REALLY HARD to make it better!! RT  wish i was going to cali today RT  Tina hate the Nick_Name ii gave her :-(  Smh oh? RT  I Miss You   #OkBye i wanna be able to wear shorts & dresses again.  the cold needs to go away! I guess me getting a new number means Im still trying to get with him  waaah hahaha re: no beer. All on my lonesome Sittin outfront of the market in the car sniffin and coughin  #TEAMSICK  can't believe it 18+ now  we were gonna come but were only 16  &lt;/3 *This summer will go *:)RT   summer went SOOO hard. Sad there was a huge 2 hr line at the one bar that just opened so I didn't go Me too  RT  Yo los extraño! RT   #ChuchisTeam &lt;--- ♥ (cont) I’m actually asexual because no one loves me. im so over being sick. i just wanna go home already RT  stupid math! noo lol i saw uncle Jim in my dream ,  it felt sooo real i hugged & i woke up wit tears rolling down my face . Apprend moi le kizomba salope mdr Got on Facebook and "wow" , just found out that Etta James passed away.... i want to win those tickets so bad [R.I.P.] Etta James Dies @ 73: I hate reporting about death :-(

Soul Legend, Etta James has died after a 2 year... No ha sido por eso... [R.I.P.] Etta James Dies @ 73: I hate reporting about death :-(

Soul Legend, Etta James has died after a 2 year... Etta James :-( xx Rest Peacefully I'm all late but I'm just hearing about Etta James passing and now I'm super sad It stopped half way :-( Writting a test tomorrow :-( feel like playing Dead Prez - They school, hayi! [New Post] [R.I.P.] Etta James Dies @ 73: I hate reporting about death :-(

Soul Legend, Etta James has died aft... danny se lo cree mas que david   ( live on I missed you very much  lol ---&gt; New BLOG: [R.I.P.] Etta James Dies @ 73: I hate reporting about death :-(

Soul Legend, Etta Jam...  -Stay FLY! so unfair that I can't make it to in demand :-( Ate way to much! Feel sick now! This ice cream sandwich tastes like shit yes RT  Nothing to do. grrrrrrr i only saw   once today I want some soooo bad  RT  Rocking my  NERF kicks in Miami today! These are FIRE homie Last day at urban today  gonna miss everyone like fuuuck. crycrycry braces hurt too much ur welcome! It sucks can't even go to the club tonight HAHA  I wanna lose weight WQ only 6 mins left  imma sad lilll kittty stop ignoring your fans heeeeeeey I dont know why  dont read his mentions  but i love you no matter what. aww to bad Missed the video about Devin today, highly upset where do you even get dunkin donuts anymore?? there are none here I miss getting tweets and dm's from  so much “ My legs still hurt from jumps.” so do mine.. & my ass Justin's barely ever on when we trend something for him  We should get something trending as soon as he gets online! Haha is always so mean to me  #sadtweet Lost a follower.. I'm sorry to disappoint Look at my phone waiting her call/msg  #MissingHer I Wish 11:11 ,  follow me back . He is my inspiration . I know it's very Impossible .  but I very want it  These band kids are corrupt. #earmuffs 8 months since we lost you  I know you have found peace with grandad love ya x aşkımmmm In serious pain I cut my hair :-( in need of chapstick Its just so hard to watch muhammed ali in his prime well and all good and now : ( what does #ff mean? I haven't been able to watch since Andy Whitfield isn't on it  #SpartacusI just put my head in the sink at the hairdresser  you guys go without me why  that sounds like a barrel of fun!:/ I in essence skipped year 9 and was still in top sets year 10 D: da fuq? TALK TO MEEEE, when  doensn't want to lmfao i know!! i didn't see him looking angelic tho Sleepy as a fuck n this weather aint helping my crib carless again U should creep on the twitter trends !!!!!  The UAE needs u !!!!! Well ... I need u :/ omg I wish you had a passport  i just had a good idea I feel as yucky as the weather today RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much Ikr my gut commin bk  QT  " Yep jus murdered em' in 2.5! I was hungry" fat a whole week?! u left out the interesting part! =\ me so sad Oh my gosh I totally forgot about that thing that I had to do!  bendito. aw that sucks! I'd die if that happened to me :-( &lt;3 RT  For almost thirty years now I've been checking the back seat for an ax murderer, and there's never one there. Crooked banks will sell u a loan in the hope of repossessing your home, some working-class don't have basic healthcare I am  RT  u aint nuffic close to a saint hun, nuffic “_hot_revolver_x: :o RT hardaykunlE6: (cont) Pretty Fed up of being in on weekends, just wanna drive to be honest Ameen  RT  Ya Allah ka sa ma mama a huge sense of calm! This tashin hankali s not hers to endure i miss you! well goodnight. ttyl he musta thought he'd done enough awwwww  next time! :) on crutches  -dislocated my knee, and pulled a ligament, mega pain&lt;/3. Roll Bounce is my favorite movie RT  need this announcement to be good and cheer me up I miss you honey Aww Noooo!!! Get better soon buddy!!!  eat some ice cream, I'd give you some but I kinda...ate it :P don't have any tonight kitty i'm not sure if i'm gonna stay over tonight cos I've gotta be up early to go see my friend  sowwy!! x we didn't get Patel c Patel b Patel when India were here either “ Love how a buncha cool bitches follow me on twitter but I can never seem to find em in real life” same here love I dont know who it is  trying so hard not to cry! haha I'm actually workin tomorrow well that's the plan anyway!! ;) No playing out  where u working?? Xx lol bet it will rain all week  enjoy yur trip! Xx  haha my mum tried teaching me couple weeks ago cos of xmas pressie i got but i so epically failed  3 weeks man. Ugh aww pal we shall be party planners aha xx RT  Justin's barely ever on when we trend something for him  We should get something trending as soon as he gets online! Haha Still not feeling so hott I'm so hungover I was just about to tweet you this lol . Haha " I'm #losing" geeze I really don't  ask We're leaving soon, so we can't make it  Tell me how it goes! chomps behind you.. no he's not  ... AND THEN CHOMP CAME BACK :D :D  #chomp maybe one day you will follow me  love you lots xox lucky you!! Not too bad only half an hour each way but long enough to gather the idiots! yeah I knoww I hate when my stomach hurts RT    you won't be coming town either then #underage punishment sucks dry hairy toes :'( i hope i can  mmmmm bubble tea :D I don't see you  &lt;3 (  live at Wish you were here I am getting pretty worried about my friends and family in Washington  
I need to either talk or I wanna talk, but Voicemail answers me. #oh well oh well life just loves throwing crap at me if I have any fucked up dreams tonight am gunna cry needs to text me some day  got some banter she needs to fill me in on! wish I saw that before now. Lexus ohw bck to nc until sunday :) ima miss her though I said I'm sorry a million times... no baby still sick  n school been closed we snowed in so no classes mami. What's ur plan today? Righttt bored tonight. Thought it was poker  's but it's a no go and a Friday at home :-( Unfortunately it's Spanish into a field  How are you ? &hearts; rest in peace to #EttaJames Just walked out of my shoe and stepped. In a puddle #soakingfeet #onlyme so i'm hella sick & i end up having to call out of work . today sucks Ugh i tried to skip 7th period but didnt have anywhere to go. . .bored in 7th :-( I need a girlfriend But her weave tho I neeeeed new lashes :-( wahhhh " Jazz legend Etta James has died aged 73 of complications from leukaemia  #RipEttaJames #Legend :-( What were your plans if you did have a car? I've got my fingers crossed for you! RT  was going into one direction this time last week  #tourwithdrawlsymptoms  LOOL i want to see then too RT   I have my own opinion on why some people were invited, but I'm not voicing them.  LOL In class chillin by maself.. I am the only one who didn't get invited to the prep rally My lunch break is over so quick Wtf?!?!   RIP ETTA JAMES. you were the best. A burger meal from Peter Pan would do right about now.... Any chance of a RT to  pls? His dad is flying to India tomorrow and he is missing him already   Thanks in advance. I keep getting shocked so badly at work that it's producing a small light -_- this is NOT cool and it fucking hurts why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee Liam?!?!   22 Sooo muchh to do today & i havent even started jesus its not even funny  I told Jade i wanted one of your biscuits, so good.... yeah i know lol i did warn society It better it's our last one together RT  *This summer will go *:)RT   summer went SOOO hard. I wanna go back to bed!  I should just moved into my dentist office don't be. Long ass drive and I'm alone. &lt;/3 Wana kill myself, life began 2 be very dark :,( stop laughing but, you have on make up? I'm just confused I chipped my nail  it hurts like hell #owwieee so pissed to be missing doug gilmour take the ice at ivor wynne don't wanna rehearse finals ! yeh it was haha i was in ICT when dad told me he got em  cry I lost mine  RT  Purple lipstick is my new favourite :D me too  I can't wait that long And Elijah Is Back ;o mrs. o'neil is gone  #gonnacry #shemademeloveenglishRT   you said dreams came true... you had a little wrong... because.... You don't know that i exist! Yeah mine did that  and I was just chillin watching it then it stopped and I was all upset haha:P deffo allow the cold dark winters knowing that when i get home i have to finish a drama essay & start revising for my english nab is just horrible. miss the primary days  ! imagine i actually remembered half of the amazing potential tweets i thought about during showers I'm so mad...  tickets for toronto better not be sold out when I get home Forgetn abt sum1 u love ain easy!!jst hv 2live wit it I ges I'm sorry Headache  can't wait to chill out at home w/ ma booskii Di  ad Dashbelin?? Seriously?? Aiihhhh ngilerrrr, telat info  |  No other club in Indonesia that can replace us as I Ineed somebody to talk tooo  lol OhMyGosh OhMyGosh OhMyGoooshhh painkillers are needed right now lol sigh revising! I got 2 GCSE's resits! D: so yeah we're in the same situation!  &lt;33 True That! He always choose wrong women who use/Hurt him RT  #FF these losers it's still beef until they say sorry to me  & I miss home. hey nigga ! Thanks for that ;) .. I thought of u today slyly I miss my brudda why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee Liam?!?!   28 I haven't seen you trending lately. no not yet " Ahhh! Done with winter session. #fuckyaaa" lucky Ass. I miss you harjinderrr RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much tweet/follow me and  please? We've tried for so long, I've had a emotional night  please? X tweet/follow me and  please? We've tried for so long, I've had a emotional night  please? Xx whats a #ff Beyond gutted :-( I miss 11 month ago :'( hhmm..so unbelivable - True  I really should have built up a collection, I love the season dvd reviews but nothing beats seeing a whole great race I don't wanna, I wanna remain a modest little person - I miss my g-shock Hard to ............... chris medina - what are words .... i miss you studying FT.. bottle of malibu & to courtneys! promise a will study tomorrow! hahahaha I know! My tummy.hurts jealoussss U remember today marks 1yr now since Copper Cat died  R.I.P Demar Copper Cat Graham My Heart Cries  ... no puedo billy  remember: examenes RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much RT  When I'm bored I tweet a million times in a row & pretend like its cool. It's so annoying. I can't even get 2G yet friends on O2, Orange &	T-Mob have high-speed internet. Been loyal for 13 years This is your song is such a sad song  wana cry you're not singing i even asked Kuya Bob favor to monitor you for me, i went to the bathroom just to tweet that.But ur not tweeting back to him. q bosta #fuckthis I'm trying to hard...
I can already tell I'm my gonna have a good weekend plus my mommy leaving  #notcool Just seen a cute tweet from a man so in love. I wish I could help them to be together it's Like Romeo and Juliet :-( 2lb off one stone keep it up steve,now for the weekend,golf range sat then bees on sky,work Sunday :-( bring it on !!! Ugh ... So much to study for Maybe eh.  but costs more as in... They order a sake, and two all you can eat meals and it's $70-80 so they tip around $5 :/ i miss youu too  &lt;3 gnitee. :* awh. i Miss My Cupcake izzy.  still frezzing  ( live on would love to catch up some other time though! Let's make it soon! And weave what about me? I #FF you #doctors  just saw it!  & hah :) so all we need to do is tweet  #MrCelebUK? :) x Why cant isee him ?  (  live at I miss my children... all 5 of them My mk phone case ripped when i dropped my phone  that shit was 90$  #fuckyoufloor ah man. It's not unbearable but unexpected & always makes me jump. awww :-( patience is a virtue.... its not suppose to happen yet...but it will :-) My design isn't available right now, gonna work in it again.. i have to go soon   ( live on why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee Liam?!?!   27 I am by far the most pale person in individual sports.  #NeedToTan getting abused by this child RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much Wish we could keep the ol' tree up year round Bought Kula World the other day myself. Not as fun as I remember. :-( I don't feel good RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much RT  And...we're back! / Finally that 5 minutes were so worse for me ahhhh badtimes  sober weekend who was I kidding! I'm about to give into temptation  wahhhh!xxxxxx Yes :'( And it's the hardest thing you can feel in your life &lt;/3 ..me too i want blue eyes too nope the wii is still @ uni  any groose cut scenes yet??? I Know For A FACT I Didnt Make Honor Roll I know  they are so adorableeee! basic OB theory. rewardred behvr repeated. communal politics WILL incite violence !! FUCKING headache I miss the old  app  it's still
installed to my other Windows Mobile phone aye :-( sorry mate. I even joked about leaving it there... then just totally left it there. #whatamong RIP to the legendary Etta James..   
#realmusic why dont we have a world star coming over like SUPER JUNIOR! Believe Tour To Middle East is moving down the TT's..... Oh no this is bad. Please no, not like last time. Miss my babies in chemistry!! #weloveudasherjarrell ! u will be forever missed  x hahaha ur hilarious :))) there is nothing down for me then  better stick to my diet hehe! Xxx RT   lame --- that's not nice We can't this week sry  hopefully we'll start posting pictures starting this Thursday inshallah :D this is embarrassing I reach up to like 212,000  so bad wbu?xx You'll never notice us  Anyway you know we love you and always will!..Ahhhh edwin is dood you are soo lucky, im jealous i couldnt get tickets :-( I want a Challenger. no not at all  but you are right huge rager going down at the house! #operationFrattyShack how about you? Haven't been the cali in agessssss I'm having a rush of life not enough hoes in my life :-( Di  ad Dashberlin?? Seriously?? Aiihhhh ngilerrrr, telat info  |  No other club in Indonesia that can replace us as I RT:  RIP Etta James. Truly one of the most amazing voices of all time. Altho I'm so hungry Neee  !!  #datwashetdan Ouch....#gymburn I vowed 2 watch this season of #Intersexions and all of a sudden I hear that I missed the final episode?! I haven't watched a single one! Edwin is dood Edwin is dood Neeeeeeeeee edwin is dood so are you not going anymore?! That would seriously suck! I think I might be yeah but its dads birthday so not sure is it going to really hurt?! :-( x mme and my broooooooooo #misshim so jealous  take me with please!!! :) Edwin is dood nee My eyebrow hurts. RT  RIP MR BEAN  died a few hours ago from heart failure... ahh Rowan Atkinson i was looking forward to another shit Jonny English movie Edwin is dood Don't do it!  RT  RT  If Selena's special guest is Justin this evening, i'm gonna kill myself. There w... Wish these belly pains would go away #ExcusasParaRevivirACharlieHarper ¡NINGUNAAAAAAAAAAA! Debe revivir I really wish I had perfect skin  #ugly Ultimo weekend en gh Don't do it!  RT  Emmerdale is making me want to kill myself. I'm going to bed in a grump. Have a wonderful Friday night pe... RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much I don't chat crap that I don't believe in doe Don't do it!  RT  Kareem is telling me to kill myself. He must have tried it before RT  Hahaa!! Some boys wish they were girls?? Sad RT   im so jealous on your fans that you follow them, happy for them, sad for me  I hope you'll follow me too .. love u Edwin is dood LOL erm okay, go away  I'm studying biology atm, don't need to confuse myself just yet hahah !! Don't do it!  RT   If I say that if you dont follow me I ll kill myself would you follow me? Just asking ... hghghh yes  I'll fine thoooo Ohno.... i forgot my earphones in my locker um NEGATIVE! ...you just died of Cholera  #OregonTrail Why am I burning up right now? I'm wearing a dress?! Wish we could keep the ol' tree up year round Bling the Meowth was added to the party ((( its not a growlith though  #nuzlocke smh ( RT   RT  Swear it is !!!  RT  Court leaves tomorrow that's pretty sad.. think then. Mr.Khaled, please answer us! We love you, and we're sorry! faaack , edwin is dood ! Edwin is dood  Edwin is doood I wanna workout but I'm tooo sick lol ant i dont wanna block you... :-( lol I got my first pair of  but they haven't came in yet  #FollowMeJess I dont want him to leave tryna do something when I get off work but i don't feel good NEEEEE Edwin is dood I'll write you ina message, no phone Gutted about Sum 41 dropping out the K! Tour  Buzzing about The Blackout stepping in :) Don't do it!  RT  "If I wanted to kill myself, I'd be awesome at it.... A shotgun to the dick." lmao @ hot tub time machine. It's hot in Florida I miss hanging with my dude i made this video for you  hope u like its ai ai quero ir no show do Michael W. Smith yesss i am!!1 u never speak to ma mix ass no more please follow me?:'( I've been trying for nearly 3 years now  I love you so much♥ it would mean so much! I stand by my previous statement! I have one single solitary cider to have tonight and that's it Neee. Edwin dood . ... I wore my driving mocassons  thats all i gotta say. hey sexy I'm not in Telford  , fumin was gonna be but gotta go home. We need to plan better xx ya no puedo ver Gossip girl  hahaha awwww :-( Im horriable...i stole a phonebook from the mailbox yesterday.. being poorly sucks my phone been dead since 2nd period cause yall not includin me :-( ugh Bye And he is dead awhhh  #gtst I'm sorry  Boys suck.  Should we drink about it? agree  snow day... charles wont let me take out the cobalt  #sadday Edwin is dood I read she had leukemia though I cant sleep with them on either!! RT  Waking Up W/ No Socks that's on the other side of the freeway Pweeeze, is dis confirmed bout KokoTheTurtle? :-( Say it not so. one passed and I miss #OLTL Just so bored RT  He Told Her Not To Leave The Kitchen  LOOOOOOOOL neeee edwin is dood Edwin is dood And your shivering cold like your ten years old That talk in 7th period  made me think mann .... NEEE I miss the beach. "your my knight in a blue pinny" best line in a soap ever!!! Gona miss Becky  xx RT  STOP WITH THE METRO FACES “  RT  Girls that don't have a fat ass shouldn't wear thongs.” dksajkflsdjfjsdkjf my Cristina/Owen creys. :-( That is equally lame. RT  we lost the beautiful etta james today Haven't been to the strip club in foreverUgh my momma wants to go to Sizzler n I'm not hungry or in the mood Ah so many police and ambulances. Hope everyone is ok :-( Edwin dead  #sadtimes #gtst I just have a  and :) moment, but I'm good now. bdour t3ali betna bacher  SBS — Madre meta bnred men alwafra -etha rdena embacher agoul 7gg omy :p... I need to re dye my hair do u send signed pics.. the 1 had before was a pre print  awsome player And thank you! But I don't think people will get used to my username. its black  &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 (  live at I'm dieing to talk too him.  #iwasdoingsoogood! Our brownies and rice krispie treats are all gone Just arrived in dubai... Aaaa i hate being alone Neeee Yeah, none of my friends are in that class, so I'm pretty much all by my lonesome!  Plus, there's only 11 in the class! :P I miss #oomf but he do me soo wrong I was looking forward to start work at 12:30 tomorrow but nooooo got to start at 10 now  #long RE:  How do I delete my iPhone's backup password? Need to do this in order to jailbreak. owwww I want to go back  *IM IN PAPHOS BITCH ;) RT  Home from Germany  it was the most amazing time ever. I was with John & Edward for an hour & a half last night, and met them twice today&lt;3 It won't work!!!!!  (  live at Walking to Kinmel Bay to babysit! Woo. Haha. The bus broke down so i had to trek don't remind me haha thanks, but its still confusing me  :L ahh he is a bit of a bully aint he :') xx is supper sick I need to make his dinner wish list come true haha neee, edwin is doood :-( Edwin is dood I said "so yeah, I want a weave..." *taps head* all the black guhs officially hate me in here... wahhhh ! Howww sadd!?! #ThingsICantStand Tantalus and Dionysus treating tyson badly  Grow hair grow! its always crashing i cant see you Ahn ahn  " Gettaway! Its nw u r asking RT  Where is  ? /:)" All My Muscles Hurt Still I don't even wanna get up  . oh me on da eastern shore :-( .....guess I'll be watching another movie alone awww  not good. Tell my neice or nephew to stop giving u pain hehe xxx Not getting into esso golden ring  #ringyproblems #diplomas failed an english test today & i still have B plus in bio. my life officially sucks. going to cry it out while watching Never Say Never I'm soo excited and it needs to just start now do sad it's my last year  I miss Cally, sooo cold in London either my twitters broke or you simply just ignoring me? lmao please follow back Here is my little Princess Alice looking every bit the rock  diva! My baby grew up too fast Neeejj!!!!!! Edwin is dood Neeeeeeeeee  i dont like this Neeeejoh, edwin is dood I hate when my suger gets low Awww..sorry 2hear that. All I can say is "Kill 'em w/a smile" RT   This lady just pissed me all the way off smh none! Imma mad bass I know! this has been the slowest day yet... and the sun is teasing me outside the window. It'll be gone by the time I get out they're so pretty  when i have money i might get some blue contacts just for fun you stole my feathers you're too nice for me  you really didn't need to do that! thank you so much! &lt;3 ( RT  Ok... I really really struggle with American accent...  //  lucky you! I'm struggling with life =( Off to the dentist see if my wisdom is out maybe remove it wish me luck that's such a lie  #foreveralone why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee Liam?!?!   37 I misss youu Shelby!!!!! ohh yeah i also used white tack and selotape and i just cheaked and 4 of the HUGE ones fell down and one ripped omg what a hard decision! , I know I sowwy one  week passed and I miss #OLTL Neeeeee Edwin is dood Looong story involving boots, Vampire Diaries, & homework. So busy I forgot. I'm sorry hun  Tonight we are on!! RT  He Told Her Not To Leave The Kitchen  LOOOOOOOOL why not  I got some bitches for u neeeee edwin is dood  RT  When u stumble across an old text (or bum screenmunch) frm smeone u dnt speak to anymre and start remembering the gd old times Now you've made me want hawaiian rolls RIGHT NOW but you're so far away from Rugby, England... poor  I didn't go either cuz I didn't have a ride  lol have funnn !! I'm in pain Out 2mara nite. Doots out :) miss my baby thou so many people take things for granted Edwin is dood I hate my voice Damn it I forgot to ask for my score can't tyujfghj understand rtgyhcfghj the fghjhgfcghb last fgtyhujhggh bit This weekend is going to be boring! Nothing planned aw  I thought you moved closer to me! its fozen 
 ( live on RT  Oww big time penguin is not TT more.. AUSTIN I CANT SEE YOU   (  live at Damnnnn  "  nopeee still haventtt " Taking little naps makes me more tired than before  #CantWakeUp :-( RT  Bonang's fingers look a bit swollen up from all that blocking she's been doing.. #Live I shall hug you. I need to follow Justin B. because  I need to ask him something about concert in Croatia!!!  Sooo PLEASEEEE follow me Justin!!!! ((( Edwin is dood I got straight knot in my stomach  it hurts so badd RT  Edwin is doood neeee edwin dood yes... I cried oiii stop it,, i want sum now Cleaning my room its just impossible I keep getting distracted!  can't wait till tomorrow night cheekay ;) xoxoxoxoxoxo neee, edwin is doodI wasn't judging her either hope she doesn't think that   Neeeee Edwin is dood cus Ima senior and I can't miss a lot.  and ms. Adams. NEVER HAVE HER! Have fun. I'm not going same! & I had to make this account because my other one is messed up! Yea ill just txt her later. edwin is dood ! yeah good thaks! i have £5.70... will that do? hahaha :L im so bored Awwwww RIP Dasher.  I know how it's hurt when we lost a dog.. We're such fatttys! Mcdees then a munchy box. Making the most of it cause the diet starts on Monday lol lol smart choice sadly i have to go to the ATM so im fucked either way some jerk unfollowed me... back to 599 that's a shame, happens to us all at times :-( Doing anything nice this weekend? i have a mean headache I've tried  she's complaining she's tired but she won't go to sleep without being in the swing I have no idea What a sad day for the CAPA kids oops  I meant to send that to all frinds ! Darn! Today is our last day of principle photography for  Super Show! I'm both :) & OH NO  i know how much dasher meant to you jess i hope you stay strong for him RIP Fredrico  #youwillbemissed Ugh :/  has been a dead beat bff R.i.P Christina : ( your prayers go out to you & your family!! wish my sisters bus would get here sooner so i can go home and eat and and napp Elana through the remote at me I think I'm car sick #wine what happened?? See, I have this problem where I don't want to get fired because it'll look bad on my resume. :-( ahy that's always bothering her  but thank God she's fine Im ready for a nap but i have to be to work at 4 You guys are my family thank you so much for this amazing experience I will miss you all sooo much!!  :* Just passed harrington street...wahhhh get me back to harry b NEEEE edwin dood awhh  what about your secret Santa? How are you feeling? X All I want is a nap Its still snowing! I'm so sleepy!!! Ugh RT  RT  RT  I actually loved Amy Winehouse voice so much  &lt; I'm glad she's dead &lt; man  « smh Please Follow Me Matt's last day at work I'm sorry  How could you get that many points off? RT   you said dreams came true... you had a little wrong... because.... You don't know that i exist! You know when you text someone & they don't text back yeah? Chest pains Oh my gooood nee edwin is dood Michael just told me i should consider getting tested for being crazy  r00d oh wow I am so bored  is this some sort of sick joke aimed towards me! N'aww, I feel sorry for his bald patch AWEEEEEE oh my god makes me wanna cry. You were only a baby freshman then Wrote Paul the most fucked up horror story today.. I wish I had a CPT like that "they thought it was a rat" oh my goodness I know such a weee shame tho neeee edwin is dood “ I be gettin all kinds of dissed...smh” i know how you feeling, ('lll) #vriendjemissen hiih ughh. can today get any worse?.. My toes are cold as they dry meranda told me you unfollowed me.. I thought we were french friends my theory on pain and pregnancy after a beyond painful trip to get waxed - still in a daze  no RT  My internet went out, so I called the company, but apparently they won't just give me my ... Nd I Didn't Get My Candyy   #Neshaa I wish i had a younger sibling for lil sibs weekend love you so much miss u That stampede scene when Mufasa dies  #TheLionKing Caveat Emptor?  Bad business practice. Edwin is doood RT  so many people take things for granted RT  :o I forgot my ipod. No happy friday song party  ooops Matt told me something about that today! But no I am not ok campus right now! I just left  ! Im fucking bored now Back to work tomorrow.  Yay.  I should be paid to play video games. you make me sad. I don't have any paperclips. Today is not my day  on the bright side the baby is coming today :) RT  Edwin is doooooooood I really was determined to do this now im being forced to think it was the wrong idea ahh I'm fine now  haha I don't know what happen I'm going to the doctor soon oyyvey vote for justin!! he is loosing!!  last day go vote This is not a good time to start feeling sick RT  Edda? Pasted? RT   RT  Edda James Pasted Away. ! R.I.P I have a stupid exam!  and not a lot I'm really bored coz my bf's not here  x Orthodontist  #booo #suckstosuck gimme good usernames?? And that sucks, I'm sorry bb! “  ugggggghhh this is ridiculous lol i wan to quit” hahahaha poor roomie!  just put some shit in our guest room Neeuuujj edwin is dood well mom told me this morning his mom found him w/no pulse, they took him to the hospital but they dont know if he'll make it i missed the bus because of you 
Abbey &lt;3 Fuck yes! I have none tho Di merem2in ade , aku prhatiin tdur larut mulu de  RT  Anytime beloved sis ♡ udh dicoba ttup ttep gbisa ka :'C RT RT  R.I.P Mrs. Magicowski (Anne Johnson) Thanks for letting the boys use the car that started it all. Sorry they never shoveled your driveway RT   RT  RTRTRTRT!!?  #thingsicantstand Absolutely horrible. Can't say I'm surprised though. only just got everything back tried blagging didn't work  xxxxxx RT  RT  RT  I actually loved Amy Winehouse voice so much  &lt; I'm glad she's dead please please please pleaseeeeeeee tweet me  would love a tweet or follow pleasee please do so love you so much xxxxCarmen gon leave me up in Sam's tho. Oh my..... NEXT SONGGGGGG pleeaaasseee tweet me  xxx what's happening ?  (  live at I see Valentine's Day stuff everywhere....I can't even front, I'm hatin. have u guys heard of the new titanic whitch went down near italy  it's 2o12 !! many pople very easy get ur followback . I'm not that people RT  Damn I'm Mad I Didn't See Dat  ASS Yet that last RT , none around :-(  ...lol So I called da County to find out da deal & da inmate who answered, called my boo a beast & said if he's charged with 187 he's a monster. Haha well  I dont wanna get excited cause I dont know what to believe when things pop up.. even if it says he said it :/ HEEEY! FOLLOOOW PLEASE Yup, too bad ur #TeamDroid  RT   lmaoo ur so iphone thirsty i love it. what's up with the sad face? :-( its making me sad too My  album hasn't come yet  josh is not happy!!! 😂 OMG!!!  I know what you mean!!!  And I want to use emoticons, but not everyone has an iPhone to see them.  😞 : ( I will forgive you!! Rondre isn't talking to me It keeps freezing on me You are right.  we are sending updated/corrected out today. Saraaah I miss you Man my head is pounding! I wish i didnt have to work today I wish I could bring you some clam chowder bby neee edwin is dood. missed you cev I was like wooaah that is some hot bra there .. The blue one is amazing .. If only I had £2.5 million Stop saying the Morehouse car died! I love(d) him like he was my own. i need help too  i just have some 1.c , 4.j, 5.b, 6.h , 17. a Weird   & Well it was just a pic of the skittles lol. i wrote under it.... WANT SOME? lmao. #greenpois0n  bought it from ebay ..never used it yet Yes it is awww everything is going by so fast! Gunna miss you though  ! Thinkin of the families of the poor wee babies that have died in the royal maternity hospital!! Second day without electricity. No trading today. $$ wish I could see my charts. omg I actually have no idea I was just looking for it babe, you're freezing the whole time.   (  live at #ThingsICantStand no internet conection im not i just felt like a lyrical genius My coffee I only had this iPhone for a couple hours and u already miss my blackberry I just needed some time to think and  was right RT  Neeeeeeeee edwin leave me alone..  you're just jealous cause you sound like a scumbag haaaa :-) Don't feel good I don't want to do an RE essay, I wanna snuggle in bed with a hot chocolate and watch 90210 Shame it couldn't be :-( Can see why he wants to do it, but can also see why it's hard for you. Sending you hugs. U just riped out my heart and served it back to me colds are abs awful when you have asthma :-( RT  Why bc ur plans failed  im just a backup?!? :'( RT   needs to come over Don't say that! that means one day I'll get day/night hangovers one day too Why?! Haha thank you ;) and well she kinda deserved it, she did steel your owl and put it in a cupboard see y yall must eat ppl.. gas is no joke!  feel sick why are real estate guys so mean to me on the phone? i wish i could be a hard ass... mine keeps freezing  but i love you austin!! ,3  (  live at Noooo  “ Im dying eyes brown. Fck that yup yup,fam emergency!  buzz one for me...and u knw wat,fuck it. Black awt! #YOLO! ='D Said you were writing for ages but nothing has sent! Edwin dood   #GTST Pa ? RT  So rindu  RT  Kpa  ? RT i wish i was peeing on you Why Nikki gotta text me like this tho ?  bitch Sum mo shit . RT  Awwww mi cousin say she feel bad man  all i know is she betta be betta by time mardi gras come!!!! Lmfao I might have to go to the hospitol later because i fell really sick! onee more hour for me !  #torture access denied on the cfc job  although they have retained my cv as there may be another position in the near future fuuuuck you ! -__- dont say that, or i'll fail again Aaaahhh I've just been called lame : ( my cool points are extremely low  Missed my 11,800 tweet I love snow and all but not today  can't go rage at ISU tonight anymore.. Always next weekend I guess #Wah WAHHH NOOOO NOT YOU. I can't memorize anything! This is fustrating why the  ? to the airport except for planning exam I wanted school RT  completely failed my chemistry test today  but panic in less than 2 weeks, so FUCK YOU, SCHOOL. Make me hate when you're talking all the time to someone, then one day they just stop answering any fb messages, texts, or phone calls. - Timee to turn my headphones up . I hatee when my brother is upset : ( DANIEL RADCLIFFE WILL BE ON NML JANUARY 26TH AIOWJDUIOSEHYFUILSEHFKEWUIOFRYEHI FUCKING DYING OH MY GOD!!!!! WHY CAN'T I LIVE IN TORONTO!! My little man is sick ify, wait, you had to force your cleavage to show? Maka why? aww my mum and dad have more of a social life than me lol they're out not tonight  tommorrow or sunday we can? I'm ready 2 get back in my bed! i would be ove the moon if you followed me !! But I am almost certain that you never will !! Dt I guess should be babcock....."  i'm going bak to jail on sunday..." This is making me tear up yo the tourny is canceled : ( SARA: Why are you drinking aloe and wheatgrass juice? ME: I think it's yummy. SARA: You're the only one. ME: I know.... Kinda pissed. Tired and I don&#39;t wanna go to work wish i could be there  maybe tomorrow we will convincingly, because im not there! I got a letter from Binghamton & I'm deferred to regular addmissions .  I know about this awesome contest. I'm a big Chuck fan...but I'm not american youu bringg mee food I'm starvingg  lol btw I don't even see you anymore! Why are you hiding from me :p Sadly, so many people disagree. Etta James died!? I knew she was sick, but... What the fuckMissing you babykins♥ Need cuddles   ♥ Never chop up jalepenos and chili peppers then touch your eye balls  #ouchhh The bus was so chokka today my bag was wedged the whole trip hated it yes mate 2?2 felt too bad about the same!
RIP Nikhat Kazmi Goodbye Etta James  RIP ... Etta James - Nobody Loves You Like Me:  via i think you dont notice me  Please a follow would mean the world ! Loveyoulots &lt;3 WE MISS JONAS BROTHERS TOGETHER! Im at the emu and am sad i cant run over to the  to visit u #$##$%^&*&^%$" i'm from Italy so i can't come to the show!  #injustice Cramps &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; : ( alright alright im finally gettin up..despite the fact that i dont feel good that's cold Steff. “ I need a tutor for math  I'll buy lunch 3 next two days for help !!!!! Food for knowledge” lmao poor girl!! What kind? “ Lmmfaoooooooooo absolute no go RT  If you have thick thighs but no ass, you are a no go.” Awww Tino Want Me To Write Him .I Miss My Buddy   The Time We REALLY Had Fun Was Ar My Sweet 16 party!!!!!!!! Mixed W/His Party, It keeps freezing  (  live at it's not coz of miss So I've been missing all the fun stuff, but obese needed elsewhere. I can't see you Austin  !!! (  live at meanie I can't Want to watch The Notebook. Don't want to be writing a presentation about vampires LMAO!!! you ok RT  Why does my back always hurt, im 17 RT  I THINK I'M DYING! What is wrong with me nope, I have been up since then : ( So You Went Shopping w/o Yo Future??  Thats Real well, I tweet u EVERY.SINGLE.DAY. And have been for a long time  pooo man! U don't even know I exist #sadstory ? X OMGGGG  what time do u start? RT  Am I?  " Abi vry annoying boi RT  Cc  RT  All dis boyz dat use female pishures as Avatar ehn Why? I wanna be thereee!! awhhh I know! feels like yesterday whoops silly gay! Lol come see us soon, I miss your face I hate you both! Neeeeeeee edwin is dood You didnt follow me  xXx ♥ Looks like I'm not going to the mall with my friend she wants feeling good   Is Amazing Nough Said!  .. ✯Summer~D✯ RT   yes I will be in the building :) Hallelu... I have to work :-( No ya not!Then again ya could have A LOT of fun haunting  &  What's up ur getting me worried now i can't see you  (  live at Ian Somerhalder and Nina Dobrev are dating in real life. Heart = officially broken Thinks  needs to sort it out and ring me! #feelingunloved!  x Think I got strep throat :-( #therestwofreaksinmyhouse RT  I'll miss having Big Rach on the bench today  #BigGirlProbs Goodbye stretched ear ughhh i had a long day at school today Really need to lay off on the frapes I'm getting large and in charge. awww Ugh tummy Omg it's going to 4am and I have work later come out though Can't believe you had to work last night, and missed the ceilidh  are you going to stay with dad tonight anyways loser &lt;3 xxxxxxxx não? aaaaaaaah  RT  “  oh I see can tweet everyone else except me -_- deeep #IrlRememberThis”  #harsh #thingsicantstand is clowns. I'm afraid of them yeah ITA!! S did too many shits...but if we have to see SE again no matter what, it's the best for us if it happens now please cheer me up jakey! So so upset  #IfYoureReadingThis jake, please reply, it will make me so happy! Love you xxx yeah been in bed all day tell me about it i start at 7am KEEP CALLING MY PHONE UNTIL I ANSWER IT BECAUSE I LOST IT AND HAVE NO WAY TO FIND IT Me to   RT  I miss that people--&gt;   :'( No more chance of bouquet My GPA is 2.77 RT  TGIF not so much fun when u can't have margarita my poor pup is sick and kept me up allll night letting him in and out of the house  #sotired I cold I miss my hair now that I think about it  Hey  , I had some questions about the Mystic that I posted on forums, I hope it didn't get buried by the QQ Someone dedicated to  : i miss you RT  NEEE Edwin ss dood I'm good just tired got training tomorrow for dance LOL omg I had gym today  wbu? NOOOOOO  RT  Ion fuck wit  no more... Got a letter from my sisters bf, he just needs to get out of jail now. So it's suppose to rain all weekend ugh :-( I'm here bud RT  #ThingsICantStand violence & war & bullying Going to be the longest week of my life.! Reallywantsthis Oh my god..ugly couples. Please not at school  I lost the one who never loved me, but he lost the one who really loved him .. FOLLOW ME !! Call me nau  RT  °̩ wanna kall people buh °̩ dnt know who to kall ;;) I've gotta work at 4  omg I want Tinseltown meet you there in 10?   I really wish we could RT  No one tweeting me, there just saying follow me. ..  I follow people who get my attention guys xx much love sorry,  moest ff same here i love italy hopen to go to rome this year if i get there  x I know  where you at now? Yeah I really enjoyed it too. I'm dead now though haha. And omg that's horrible twusband ! stop following everybody ! -_- Bloody typical, daughter n bf broken down on M11 omfg I have now car so can't help :-(I'm good! I've just been super busy with work/school. My social life is pretty non-existent as of lately  #businessmajorprobs I do all the time too.. have you ever been so lost...?
I have! unfortunately ... Hungry and no food left awe you should have told me I've got an almost brand new sitting in y house that's doing nothin. Coffee later ? I'll buy while we agree whole-heartily, as we all know, politics usually comes down to judging people on perceptions.  sadly connor please follow mee  xxx ( live on i can't believe i went to the very last big day out in nz yesterday  six60 was dope i've got to say! Sick as FUCK this would happen My wisdom teeth are coming in i miss my Blackberry "I light my way forward with the bridges I've burned" &lt;=parting words of a hiLARious colleague who's leaving today 4 a new job. Off air ? :O  (  live at Crap. Not surprising. :-( just some girls being bitchy to ma fwienddddd  x I don't like this ap :-( I want my old Twitter back I miss Larry's gayness a bit what does #dench mean, someone tell my I really want to know My dad's being a twat, I offered him 50p to dive me to Tesco but he won't Was Boutta Make Me Cry At Lunch , She Didnt Know Today Was My Last Day : ( I have a track meet  why don't our paths cross?! Something has to change.. Snow stay away! I want to see  this weekend! Thank you!!  Need 'em today. Feel like I'm self-destructing All I ever do anymore is cry over you. I miss how things use to be. do you know what i want? go to you concert here in Rio  im so so so sad i cant go it will be once I order ir off  payday :-( i'm talking alot right? sorry
 ( live on BLAACK  (  live at Didn't get to bed till about 330. man yu leaven now ema be here by mii self loool when you come to scotland you can get an amazing pizza from pizza hut :) that's if u ever do already got one. :-( RT  Goodbye Etta James  RIP ... Etta James - Nobody Loves You Like Me:  via ARGENTINA TE EXXTRAÑAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA A FULL Birthdays nearly finishedd Tweet me please?         ♥ my hopes and dreams r crushed  no dance 2nite! WILL YOU EVER FOLLOW ME ?  I LOVE YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW xxxxxxxxxxx you're so mean to me! "no one ever pays me in gum  " RT  RT  Edwin is dood!! // neeeee!!  / ;C !! Where were all these yoga pants wearin females when I was in high school!? Oouh Sorry  Two days ago, died a belieberboy it was my friend, that hurt a lot. Neither for me at the mo #dryjanuary My eye hurts RT  Don't you just love it when  tweets everyone but you  xxx bad news...we moved our ticket to feb 3!  but todayyy is a step forward to your success! I'm so excited an happy for you! were was my invite to go 2 LV..... RT  Want new clothes! yeaa you told me you were going today, it means I won't see you again  :'( I know...Oooh it's horrible! it could be! let's organise something somehow waaah I'm too bored lets hang out its been forever I wish I could babe! :-( I'm soo disappointed in myself  I got a C in debate. I hate myself for that! 
#sadtweet Today was soo sad ppl leaving &My bestfriend left today I LOVE YOU, You always say #NSN and I believe you, but you've never followed or rt meee  #BELIEVE Mad kus she took the long way home ARGENTINA TE EXXTRAÑAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA A FULL Haaaaa-----&gt;RT  Say hello to cellulite city LOOOOOOL you cant tell him to bring bread Puked up everything I've eaten today, feeling roughh as  poorly hanny come help me! i have a lot  2 cars worth that's okay, I have tweeted  loads but no reply at all R.I.P ETTA JAMES YOU HELP ME THROUGH MY BREAK UP I want to get SO drunk tonight shame I'm staying in with no plans I don't know what to do with my life now that I've watched all of Being Human RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much Gutted to hear that Etta James has died I miss my brother Why are the Chew's ratings always good?  Who wants to watch that crap. How many of you AMC "fans" are watching? OMG TVD was amazing this week!!!!!!!!!!! not on next week  what will i do without my weekly dose of I woke up this morning sick too!  RT  This sick struggle is real I miss you too my love!! lol. Kelly doesn't want me to leave her, that's all. Lol but I gotta leave one day  unless I just never meet mr. Perfect drive slow and be safe! I had one fucked up haircut in primary school my boys cousin asked if i put cheese on my hair and made rats eat it off WHAT!?!? maybe Wilton might... I hope so! RT" Funny guys have the biggest cocks." RT  RT  He Told Her Not To Leave The Kitchen  LOOOOOOOOL RT  I wish babies had subtitles Haha! I know!  Waaaaah! Lol. Jokin. I'm alright. Glad its the end of the week. Jus put down a 62 hour week! #Oof! Ash Needa Cum Home I Wanna Go Out wish you were here accompany me Dont wink at that, its sad áááááááááááááá pin íu RIP Vapor XXXX...we had a magical run  #cantletgo #77flexnomore Can I borrow someones youtube account plaaease It keeps freezing ROTFLMAO RT   i'm going bak to jail on sunday.. There were 14 million WWII veterans. I can't find the # for Korean vets    Viet Nam vets were 9 million+ i give up  din't even follow me  :'(  xxxxxx Not going out to save for my car fixed. Hmph My house at Kano is in Bompai ...sha nobody's there! :'( I just hope they don't burn it up!  x__X blah that thing about your website sucks  really sorry. RT  Neeee edwin is dood No i didnt!  RT   so u unfollowed me G.. kool mwah! Love you baby SL! I'm so dizzy now lol I get what ur saying. And my phone is dying. I must go soon it won't come off  I exfoliated thrice. :-( “ #FF   two buddies I don't see often enough, and soon won't see when they move. Miss you already!” Omg I feel like death!!! Toothache, headache, legs ache ears hurt and my throat feels like I swallowed needles!!  so fucking close to to becoming a lezza! lmao no you don't  RT  I Hate Telly!! Rust zacht lieve edwin! i pulled a muscle in my leg & it hurts so bad ! you freezing man  (  live at RT  #ThingsICantStand cigarettes ....  Cr‎​Оº°˚˚°ºоtttt™  RT  : (˘⌣˘)ε˘`) RT  X_X RT " Apaa yaang :* hehe =)) Feeling icky on the sofa...  I'll scare him on monday ;) xxxx you bought the MBMC bag?! lmao you cray. can you check if theres an aritzia bag with my name on it  i hope its still there I'd love to see Nick in Broadway, but I'm from Argentina! My tummy hurts Highlight of the week: following Unofficial Stewie Griffin 
But where's he gone?? All the fun's over still waiting Holly for you to follow me  have sent so many tweets xx RT  When chola girls take up the seats on the train and give you the death glare when you attempt to sit down. So you have to stand RT  today is chic's last day  #sadtweet #hewillbemissed on my birthday.  why!!!!! I knw! I knw! The neckline wasnt low RT   ify, wait, you had to force your cleavage to show? Maka why? I have none! *pouts* Just looked through liqour cabinet. noo don't open it  I wanna give you a hug xox no you don't! :O your so pretty! :O I want your shirt btw   oh I will, I'm so jealous waaaa “ Who else is #TeamLoner? ^_^”- meeee thanks tat! I'm so nervous!!  its crazy!! 2 hours w/o a calculator?! I'm gonna die  lol I feel like crap !... :-( I haven't been to school in three days & I won't see it til Monday   I actually miss it . I hate being home alone :/ My nap u took a few minutes ago should have been longer. Packing for Toronto! London you have served your purpose once again! Thanks! I'll miss you friends  #bebackbeforeyouknowit  I work over night (ooc: SOPA might be dead but PIPA and ACTA are still alive. So sorry to hear that. We were just talking about him this week in Detroit.  All our love... why Feeling a lil sick :-( RT  I miss twitter hey! the video is amazing! i can't like it cos i haven't got a youtube channel sorry so much  I'm just in a glass case of emotion right now :'( Can sare uy... :-( (@ Homh swith homh pim pah) I don't feel good yea it has been awhile so your going to follow 100 beliebers? it probably wont be me, because you dont even know i exist  !! loveyou?&lt;3 ow that's not nice awww such good times. Its not the same without you why are you lying? vish amg RT  Que inveja desse golfinho hein Hi, sorry to hear that  follow/dm me more details, k? Kim from Mcd awww  R.I.P. Dasher &lt;3 Ugh it's Friday Don't forget all us girls at the very back  love Sharma+    #1Derful #1Dinsheffield effield balcony row G 46/47 x Right here but i gatta go to work now thanks man! gonna be some vc's tonight. Lost my voice the day of If they did it intentionally knowing that it would hurt you maybe its time to re-consider whether they're really ur 'mates' I seriously look strung out Yeah we found one, so pretty. Neither did I, booooo  Let go to prom? I still cry at Lion King.. omfg why does Mufasa have to die  'somebody help me, anybody' :'( RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much I already left campus! I stopped by to see you but you were nowhere to be found  Monday - LUNCH! I know beck he's horrible     and   neeed bullets! Missing my old work buddies toooo much! Wishing I could bring back all my loved ones Long flights! Oh take me home!  :) (and a bit of  ) Do you have memorable experiences to share? Leaving work, going home sick today What a rough day so far! so sick of bad news it can be frustrating. We can help you. Free quote requests online. We are an independent insurance agency! Don't be  anymore awww  so you don't watch voice of holland? zoo jammer On the upside I have found the majority of the articles I was after today. The downside is they're too long to write out, boohoo i love you guys  &lt;3 RT  I wish babies had subtitles Brad,do u remember when my ringtone went off outside the hotel when I was talking to u+ur friends and it was u? #awkward Cool! How's the flight? RT  Just arrived in dubai... Aaaa i hate being alone So gutted we're not out!  195 next sat, cargo the following week for yvettes bday? :) x Damn mannn then u take a pic of me... I look how I look  ;) RT " She don't look too pretty in that pic" RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much I wanna go see  at the Valentine's Pj Party sounds fun. Too bad I don't live near Minneapolis. Thank god the weekends here.. So why am I sitting indoors alone R.I.P Etta James   1 of my favourite songs! TGIF!!!!! mid-terms on deck next week Where is she its hella ugly outside   Kent sleep love. More so in this mood Can the week end on a bigger downer? The white wine's corked  *finds untouched Xmas sherry* no  it does I can not do anything at all might be cut off and everything! Ah really you must celebrate! I'm sure your have fun :) No coffee, energy drink. I work weekends, so i will be at my desk Dont play with my emotions pooor thing lol Oh, got the link wrong. THIS made us sad:    Trying hard to make it better! cc: RT  Wish i cud..its my sistas 30th nxt wiknd  RT  I wish..:-( RT  next weekend if its cool with ya'll I am going out im sowwwwie babe please see me tonight :-( have fun working all weekend I'm hating it But for now I shall tidy the livingroom  even though choggie should beyep but then my other check went down 200$ so in end I'm getting the same  sucks We not gunna get tickets tmorrow and we probs wont see them  its not fair follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  34 I need to get fake eyelashes, new mascara, new foundation, a new stretcher, nail varnish, fake tan, clips + clothes but I can't go Is it 4:00 yet????!!!! Geesh I MISS MY MERGY Yea ;_;"  why dont we have a world star coming over like SUPER JUNIOR!" It's when you put alot of cinnamon in your mouth Lls and hold it as long as you can :) it hurt my throught then I have NO idea  waaaah Me too. I hope she doesn't get fired because of it. Ibuprofen and Vodka?!! Yikes!  What pain Lou? Our support is completely ready, we just need the content, which we cannot get because the WoW Machinima Tool is not up to date  #OhToBeAChampAgain... were too old aw I hope ur back gets better! I'm far away being too tired to dry your hair  boooo I would seriously do anything to meet  I need tickets to that show but they're sold out Aww man thd game canceled damnnnn  kaaay  i will do, what favour ?? :) I am no twat almost broke my nail opening   car  #ouch Hmmmm...new Facebook account. :/ Darn. you guys did poo dolla without me  #leftout I wish I had tickets  but I wish  the best of luck! Congrats to everyone who gets to go see him! Have fun :) Without you i'm nothing   &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 I hope somebody does my hair today! 
:-( neej I guess this Guy is to busy to get more business... But I really want my season Tix!!  #Fail Btw Im a hacker, I hacked some systems lik Android system for SE phones, but I cant even access to her heart to kno what she thinkin bout Well I have had a terrible headache all day I haven't been able to revise because its too hard to concentrate wow really?? She was one of my favs :-( RIP #FF  &  Their movie is playing at Sundance tonight and it's been Rango'd.  They could really use your support. Oh nooooo honey     I love you &lt;3 Allah yir7ama Nshallah... May her soul rest in peace - Wow! you'd think govt would have better things to do than detain non-vicious dogs - sounds political Tonselitus!        cheer me up by following me please!!&lt;3 Okay then I'll stop talking to you so maybe you wont get hurt anymore believe me, I've eaten a good one.. Can I tweet u later? I'm busy now. Sorry i have the same mins as u ha my siri dosent know who you are  ( live on I did indeed hear that today Stefan was so sad when Elena told him about the kiss Track meet cancelled tomorrow “ Missing my LEC Girls. Good luck on ur 2nd semester!”miss you girl I'd still go see it :L just hope it's better I know!! I wanted her to sing at my wedding too  x she's got a headache hahaha :-( i feel so guilty for myself right now I have not ate or drunk anything all day I'm starving and thirsty Not liking all the snow and cold. I wish it were nicer out so I could do things with Jacob and not worry about him freezing outside 5 exams starting Tuesday #yourgay fail i am sad and madd I know!  next time! I wasn't allowed one  I had a pizza that tasted like poo Nope  not yet, have you? RT   So sorry to hear that. We were just talking about him this week in Detroit.  All our love... ode! shift abeg... ows "it" going? RT I miss Tumblr  
. sorry Nice to know you actually care about me. Im ok dw about me bitch. Fuck you Screw him! I tried to be nice, but I just came home with a broken heart  No more! If I go this week, I can go Mon & Tues. my tummy hurts from those situps I'm in such a good much. I wish I could see John right now Haha it wouldn't let me look at yours  love you Ehm, no you are mistaken.. Sin blackberry my stomach hurting Ugh my stomach hurting badddd you're welcome! I'm exhausted. Pain meds got rid of pain but I slept really bad, tossed and turned. Got maybe 3 hrs. :-( I defitnally failed my geomatry #thingsicantstand when you wait for an answer of someone and its not the answer you wanted : ( yea but nature's choir wont let me sleep or think. it makes me feel like throwin up. and im exhausted wishes C# generics were better at implicitly determining types. Was going to post an example, but it doesn't fit in 140 characters.  Youu Threw Me Away rainy and cold  xx little snowing. Ah, Portugal is beautiful :3 can you squeeze me in.. I jus need that 10 str8 back blood.. We go back I know! I thought you might be coming over when they play each other to stay at ours and go out on the night :-( xx Babysitting Lira tonight. Poor baby girl don't even know what's going on follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  33 ouch just sat on my pancil sharpener I didnt even see u today geesh  and um uhh buddy wrong girl ! I mean I know it was a shithole, but we are talking staggering distance from work FFS. Friday nights will never be the same Headacheeeee  I really hate being so exhausted and worn out all the time “ This English teacher reminds me of Mr. Shoup  #RIP” Wow I miss him. #RIP I need that Friday Feeling but think I am still stuck on Thursday! FUCK DIDNT WIN THE TICKETS Babe, your still freezing  Still Love You &lt;3 (  live at quit being mean Someone needs to somehow disable my bbm or chop my fingers off because I am so close to messaging someone saying 'I miss you' RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much Derrick really be doing too much . I wish he was little again , when i had nothin to worry bout I know and my phone is all weird  ima try to get one today at the hotel though &gt;:) for now I can only talk through twitter:'( So much for my nap stop  i love that picture its my favorite! I thought he was being serious... Good luck :-( RT  Certificate issues, lovely .. miss u all  &lt;3 Fucking door locked when I went out for a smoke. Stuck outside til sister comes over with key. Not very happy :-( Quintin is on the drums right now  I'm ready to go.. Lil mama hungry shoot!! LolI miss you playing! So tired, I could actually go to sleeeeep Still cold! It is difficult to leave my bed :-( Work tomorrow morning at 7!  I sleep at like 4 so it makes it even worse! Ctfuuu no tot cuz why would they cut the show ! .... Once it get hot me nd #oomf are gonna start walking nd jogging.  I refuse to get all fat nd shit. You're so complicated, I hate you  Will you cook breakfast for me every morning if I live with you? :') Aww, it's so sad about Etta James I gave up for a little and just sat there, then I tried again it much this week which is totally bumming me out. meep  no I don't :/ edwin is dood Please follow me Nini, I love you so much!! I'm trying since november of 2010  I'm so sad, make me happy 3 Come on. It's freezing.  (  live at .....  haha yeah me either:p x really sad, may his soul rest in peace have been generally dissapointed with mock results  #NeedToKnuckleDown #thingsicantstand never getting to see you Never that!!! See u this wkend for sure RT   is neglecting me It's okay DM me bby RT  // SUMMERRRR!!! My email wont send thanks :D no  She said that is just a waste of the time :D At the cardiologist  I just found out Etta James passed. My heart is broken  she was/is a legend!! :OOOO WHY !? LOOOL you not following me anymore? :O :-( *le cries* you're not helping ur mean no I didn't !! I was working  but I'm having a get together for my birthday :) will u ever cum back 2 do another episode in Tracy Beaker Returns im crying my heart out i did'nt want u 2 leave My stomach is killin me!! Body hurts  somebody text/call me  miss you more RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much please Work Mw3 WHO BROUGHT YOU FLOWERS?! IM JEALOUS yep it's done, that and megaupload b/c of the SOPA act. Going to end up with a six pack if I'm sick anymore !! Feeel terrible! Need a hug asap dammit better take the bottle of miracle grow i had for you back then it's really hard but 3 months in for me as cliched as it sounds it gets slightly easier. But still miss baba loads i want to eat cheese nowwww! Oh my god the coopers/cohens just moved house, it's like a palace I can't tonight  I gotta clean since the Fatima's at my house tmrw! I just got them too so, in the believe tour your just gonna go to the middle east?... No U.S.? I don't have one!  i haven't filmed anything. I never get drunk anymore, it's been too long unfollowed  so i could get a free shirt and forgot to follow him back .. so smartt I hate tea Loreal's younger siblings hate me.  Was having a really good shopping day until a hanger fell on my eye its all sore and red   And now I'm having a depressing lunch alone. How come the people close to me can't get along RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much ask me 6fshana “ Going to lunch with u babymomma  can you bring me back something! not me tho  xx and i hate my stupid dreamm too ! follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  40 hate having to make hard decisions  wish everything could just workout jawellllll I'm never going to find a car Im very tired i just did a twit cam and no one was watching Then back to work til 530pm hopefully we'll have another class together! but i like Biz  .. hater. omg ur still at the airport?    Have a safe flight and a fun trip! Uggggh took me forever to grow Hard to let go  i dont want too RT  “ please please RT our video appeal for our beautiful Lily, we miss her so much    x Ii Hurt Ma Piinkyyy Finqqer  Its Bleedinqq 
"|S[He]Be[lie]Ve[D]&lt;/3|" Thank you imma miss yall  RT   I'm Sooo PROUD Of Yu! Just really gutted we can't do the Skirrid inn!  x RT  NEEEE EDWIN IS DOOD RT   Well I want more pictures on my wall and my parents think its a unhealthy obsession  #ugh u said #NEVERSAYNEVER  but i know u #NEVER follow me because u don't know that i exist..i'm lose the #HOPE    27 I want to hug you and give you some ice cream. It'll be okay. Just remember its what you want. You're one of the few!  RT   I always wash my hands.... :'( Shhh :x RT  Oh No But This Yosola Girl Is Too Hungry! Ahn Ahn I know Oh God   What did I do x_x Internaron a Cait ayer (?) oh dear  i hope it pulls through! i'm glad you're okay (minus the whiplash) xx Hey guys can you send the pic or video to Bo...'s bday to  cuz i cant make it Rudeeeee  lol x i misssssss you I miss u too! I haven't seen u in forever RT   Aww  "wat!? I don't want to switch from my Ohio ID at all. My target - early march new car for me. With my own money. Triton or Honda crz. Because my gf don't like mini cooper Ooooooh I Like That. How Do You Do It ? My Hair Is Too Short/Shaved Now  Tweet Pic When Done xXx Nee edwin iSz dood  !! No seas maloooo conmigo! I wanna skype with you guys!!!  are you still on? lolol 100$ out of 2000 ! I had 600 but I gotta pay fini do I got a sad 250$ hehe  damn midgets and it's soo dramatic becuz Adele is playing in my headphones.. Bored already  I miss drunk weekends the little tech support man in my computer tried all of thatThose MADD Commercials About People Who Got Killed Over Drunk Driving/Drivers Are So Sad #DontDrinkAndDrive.  #SadTweet RT   So sorry to hear that. We were just talking about him this week in Detroit.  All our love... I surrender. Time to buy a new phone This 3 o'clock lab&lt;&lt;&lt; ! omg please delete that pictureee!!!!! Cant wait for it to come to Nig! Big bang just ended and greys anatomy just started LOST IN CHICAGO: This Rattie is lost in this horrible snow.  Plz RT so he can find his way home. iPhone died. Luckily eligible for upgrade and had $80 in gift cards. Shiny white one! But lost photos & notes. I has a sad My son so bald Seems like lately we've been bickering more LOST IN CHICAGO: This Rattie is lost in this horrible snow.  Plz RT so he can find his way home. I'm hungry right now Wanna have my new phone on my hand now I missed my 8k tweet The biggest mistake I ever made was letting you go and pretending I didn't love you Haha Aww i can't cook unloved  xx RT  I will never let go of that year where Eagles went to the Superbowl with T.O and lost you ruin all my fun I need MY car fixed RT   whats that matter?? I used too, but not anymore  wahhh Its soo hard to get a tweet off  and   Lovee yous! Pleasee notice mee! x x you told that useless sack of shit  to shut up Doesnt know what to wear to her photography interview.. anyone? I wanna tell you everything but I can't  hehe x I just had a test out of 6 marks worth 20% of my mark and I'm sure I failed... Eu queria all she knows  uahauhauha #POPLineDAYOFF Lol you sound like me i been in class all day so I havent watched any yet :-( my exams this week have made me so tired :-( xx 3001 Tweet dedicated to those who i could not fit on the 3k tweet Want to sneak out for a run, but suffering with manflu! Double suffering with Friday night tv Hungry for a pb&j with banana. We have none of those items. its cold  and im wearing a tee -_- You have more followers than me So good talking to the bestie. Boy have I missed him we need to know the people/organizations/businesses that are preventing our ecosystem from growing. That's your mission. ahh I really hope I get mine soooon!! Having no steady income is starting to hurt  lol RT  the feeling when u really want someone to hug u grr , wish he didn't have to work , i miss my babe Gusto ko nito  If I only.... So prettyyy that sucks!  salvage what you can! I'm in the same room as last semester  PATTY That was mean Lol :-( RT   So sorry to hear that. We were just talking about him this week in Detroit.  All our love... that's the way I was back in 2008 when I was there. That was forever ago Oh no.  Are you going to wait? x my coworker and i just had a 30 min convo about  HE's so lucky he lives a block away and can go whenever Please follow me Nini, I love you so much!! I'm trying since november of 2010  I'm so sad, make me happy 9 :P Can't get rid of this niggling headache I kinda figured that.  I understand tho... well don't let me keep you...I was just missing you. RT  a internet sem o megaupload é como o two and a half men sem charlie sheen, perde o sentido I think I'm getting ill I nothing to wear tomorrow night I know sometimes too hard im gonna need all my friends prayers for this coming up week. please please pleaseee. Hummmm, dunno ceebs if we're not hitting it proper haha! Might have to be boring too im  ready for this game but im kinda sad  didnt tweet me  ! Guess now  has to dunk on his ass again! arsehole :Li asked my ma if we could get one but she was like NOOOOOOO WERE SAVING  once a pleb always a pleb Revising my theory again  #willitevergoin ! he's freezing  (  live at Looks like I won't be able to buy my ring... #FeelingsHurt :-( I dont like you again On my way to work Darn *Chazz stamps ground wif paw, stamp stamp stamp.*  thank you for confirming berry sad news..... yeahhh but they are spoiling my special yearrr  they should TRUST me :'( This headache is dumb. It's making my whole face hurt. And I'm exhausted. #NotFun I'm actually gutted Becky is leaving corrie soon :/  she's actually hilar!!! :L #loveher ♥ im jealous RT  Red lobster for lunch My shoulder hurts  i thing na dislocate! ( Hate not being able to RT   #protectedtweets So I don't expect a lot of talking out of her possibly no screaming MAKE ME HAPPY ??? PLEASE FOLLOW ME! ok , thanks guess I will deactivate it :) but still waiting for windows version Paid the cells, filled the tank, purchased bday gift &amp; salt. Not excited for snow/wintry mix tomorrow  hopefully its not much I feel like I don't see   and  enough No more mega upload! 
#opmegaupload goes to plan and makes congress sign against #SOPA (well kinda) well done Internet! :) Poor Etta James. A truly wonderful lady with a wonderful voice. Bless her soul  x why do I get such bad headaches RT  edwin dood thanks my love misss you not me :-( me too. I'm forever breaking them long time no speak thats my fav word tho  i got it from the wayans brothers in 1992 I know!! What is he thinking how was your day? Mine wasn't too good because I got no wish from you. #HURT So I Haven't Seen My Lefthand  , Since January 2nd ! Craving a nandos now  mentioned it earlier. Had pasta instead did I say 'mein 20 saal rahee hoon' ? Lool it's so bad Fuck, I messed up my writing. Please follow me Nini, I love you so much!! I'm trying since november of 2010  I'm so sad, make me happy 8 I loved seeing you today, even if it was for only a bit. Missed you tonnes  xxxxxxxxxxxx I didn't bail I just didn't know I was pose to go get any For y'all. I'm sorry! I really want to pee now. 
But am scared!!! RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much i have no food in this house  someone want t make me food? A month ago I thought I was dreaming. Then today I finally woke up. Oh well back to reality Jealous. I'm starving at my work! I'M GONNA WATCH NEXT TIME, and if you don't sing then, i'm gonna cry  ( live onI sure am, but its a break just now  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx &lt;3 hehe howre you doing atm hunny? bad night hehe  chats sooooon X Ive been trying for months for you to notice me chilling til work  I wish u come prepare my lunch Me too Good afternoon Donnie ... could I have a twug Please follow me Nini, I love you so much!! I'm trying since november of 2010  I'm so sad, make me happy 17 oh my Gosh i hate my hair  im wearing a hat today . . .. aiden ws a cunt though, vince isnt? well were find out wont we. jrivehbhbbbbb merh  xxxxxxxx I cant talk to my boss im scared Edwin is dood RT   I was bouda cry myself ...... i'm playing with your hat and it's just reminding me of all the holidays i'm not going this year #welljel of you my day is not complete. Off air?  (  live at Aw! right that's a shame  x 500 cases produced. We got 4. It's not going to last long. “ “ With my baby Sheyla &  *;” hey  I wanna be there” I know I miss you Morgan :/ LOL, nooooo. It gives me indigestion Off Air   (  live at lol though you would :') i haven't got your text RT  Omg today America is suffering a great loss  I friggin love her. RT  RIP Etta James offline?  (  live at Credo vou chorar Thought about  last night while I was eating my fat bitch lol.....come Feb. imma miss her " Sorry, folks. We're down as our servers aren't able to route requests. We'll let you know when we have more details." imagine que tu me trouves moche.  :-( RT  I will never let go of that year where Eagles went to the Superbowl with T.O and lost owwh Aww, is Aberdeen not nice to you? I know  we need to hang out since seeing you at school is obviously not going to happen. awwww  where are you going after the school you are at noww like college?xxx Ughhhhh def not feeling good heads killing and I'm lonely! looks like a mint #Friday Welcome to my world, Im ill and Im skint I don't have a celebrity crush : ( I want one I wanna go home :-( yeah (: oh no  lol aww :-(  #SadTweet can someone talk to me please im lonely. dyl's left me Need someone so do i!! Dont want to lose my car  absolutely devastated and thanks sweetie! Xx I totally hope there isn't!! :-( awww  .. how many weeks does each of your semester go for? OFF AIR  (  live at i did a tv advert for my mobile amish beard trimming service and that got zero calls too :-( x I had two tests in a row these passed periods. I'm pretty sure I failed both&lt;/3 fuckin bored i can't do anything I didnt Get My hat let's swap haha, gutteeed I didn't see you today it's been since sound of music. Northern Nigeria's bn compromised I miss megaupload already RT  RT  Ik heb sws ruzie met sayenn &lt; Neeeeeee  I think my BB bosted  - hahgaha bosted aw! I do remember u telling me u were preggo again I just completely forgot ohhhmy... I miss you , I Wish My Baby Daddy ; Stop Acting Like Thiisss I know  merrr! I suck at being drunk Im so sorry for your loss babygirl  Keep your head up sweetie Wow! RT   RT  Just watched on AIT that d prisoners in the police station were stuck inside as it burnt down.. why u moved away  ?? Xx please tweet meeee you never ever tweeted me before  you can see everyones tweets but me, its like im invisible  xx lmao! is she? how young? i didnt know  so i should treat her like she's young? ok What about a Hugs from  Bruh she deserves a tweet. :p. he could be busy "Remember that time you were so in love with the one you cared about so much but things didn't end up like you expected..?" Yeah wheres my dinner !!!!! .. im hungry Please follow me Nini, I love you so much!! I'm trying since november of 2010  I'm so sad, make me happy 16 I'll be in football i got excited lol. Sunday sure. Sat your mine so..... RT  I knowwwww !  this weekend hopefully I can (cont) See that Costa Concordia sinking off the coast of Italy ? That`s all Labours Fault..that is :-( Damnit I hate when I forget my earphones i just got my phone back after 4 days of not having it and the second i open it all i get is a bunch of drama #rllyguys  #idontwanafight NO! but I want to. Ugh I don't have HBO  #mrgstrikesagain Please! Can you tweet me? I am your fan Nº1! I have six months trying to get tweet me but never get it! Please! I LOVE U RT  Edwin is dood Please girl I'm closer to 40 then 30  lol Shari gotta hella balloons. Shareef didn't get any Wen u'll b lukin 4 pple's trble up nd dwn nkoRT  Boo, I lono who I've offended oohh  " ...  Nope - no one has committed aw, i don't like them  The only korn songs i like are ones with Skrillex :') X “ im  ready for this game but im kinda sad  didnt tweet me  ! Guess now  has to dunk on his ass again! diplomas shouldnt be worth 50%  lol I still have to do the english 30, bio 30, & retaking pure math 30 -_- everyone bombed it in heaven atm but really a sad girl  my baby went back home this morning :'( hows u hun? kramklem :)) &lt;3 It's for Dismembered Empire, they want musicians :') but I have absolutely nothing impressive to play i miss you too, i tryed winning a wristband from pulp for atl, i didnt win  but have fun tomorrow! &lt;3 Sadly its cold, like 25º F Still don't feel good he said he's not going   (( I honestly knew nothing on that test. I didn't think it was going to be that hard. I want to cry. Why they so handsome? Watching corrie, I want to see more Norris Awwe  U poor thing! :-( We should start a movement 2 help U out with ur little problem! Lol cheer up~&gt; eh.. I LOOK CHINESE frozen!!  now black screen  (  live at i miss you soooooooooo much!!!! &lt;/3 im sorry i didnt come to your partyWhen Will You's Follow Me?  xxxx WILL YOU EVER FOLLOW ME ?  I LOVE YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx so tell me why at the probate I reached over to give Christian a kiss and he popped me dead in my face!! Hurt my heart Ohh Lord! Andamos mal. RT   dude you should tell  that we trended  Believe tour to the middle east /: he should come  #bieberfever Hello, meaning that we have to wait 1 minute to vote again! Haa vanessa going to be great last! im bored to  but i cant do much because i have work in the morning and i dont want to be to sleepy! xx and thanks I kno! stil dont kno how 2 do half the stuff on this #soconfused N y did I get a poop symbol  how do u get sym? Fuck taking bus no  but I wanna go on and take photography at college :) thankyou! aw, I'm sure you don't at all! good luck too though :3 xx Awh bummer  Well hopefully you'll find out the problem soon enough and twill all be sorted! :D no i looove you!??  lol RT  you hate me..? RT  when did i unfollow  The fuck!!! Yes he's out  And Henry and Arteta  Meep. My hair is so horrid I cut my finger it burns A few of my left ribs are broken, thanks to you and Mark. Nice double team My stomach hurts Didnt even see  today RT  I had one fucked up haircut in primary school my boys cousin asked if i put cheese on my hair and made rats eat it off uwww  but like what happens to her? and u could probably go with it and make some ppl fix it same! I still need to get Awesome as fuck though  bad times! I love en all! Speh superhits, american idiot + ... yes  where did you buy them?? omg, you know my gum is still so sore after I burnt it on that pizza  I should sue them ppl!!  damn that sucks  you habe any regents you have to take? why cant i find anything to buy onlineee  i want some bloody nice holiday topss! If this hot water bottle don't work I dunno what will  :/ Yes u RT  Am I?  " Abi vry annoying boi RT  Cc  RT  All ... It doesn't open until March 16 I wish i was going on the new york trip yes, I know .. but she so wanted to follow Edwin is dood! R I P To The Late And Great Etta James. RT  3001 Tweet dedicated to those who i could not fit on the 3k tweet soo whatsApp Messenger u have in your iphone Trick you jinxed me!!!! & you know what I'm talking about lol RT  My tummy feels funny kind of am, plus this medication has me dizzy, feeling light headed  RT  He Told Her Not To Leave The Kitchen  LOOOOOOOOL Then start eating this idiot (not a singer) gonna win.... :-( RT  IK EET MIJN BH OP ALS PAUL TURNER WINT! #belofte #tvoh I know its not Charleston, SC Need more followers  #desperate Hate staying in on fridays RT  Gutted to hear that Etta James has died RT  I don't want everyone to go their separate ways!!  this season was the best.     Gill & Alex Its snowing. I don wanna go to work same  roll on summer :D no time to eat or fucking do anything Fuck wisdom teeth. Why do they hurt No te llegan mis pins aw i know :'), but when you wake up and it's time for you to get up soon, it's like aw fuck off :-( x x x x x RT   im in science.....Donna liked science thank you! I thank my lucky stars that I rarely think I have a crappy week. And two trips to London were fab. I miss my boy  she's went home .. and me phone won't work Doc: Ice, prescription ibuprofen and come back in two weeks. Also no running. Me: There goes my training plan :-( So tired! But I just can't sleep! I think I had coffee like 3 times today! Please follow me Nini, I love you so much!! I'm trying since november of 2010  I'm so sad, make me happy 25 headache idk what ima wear Hey, what happened to the official merch store?  It sends me to BackstreetMerch, but I can't find anything Eyes listed tomorrow is my last cotillion. i feel like crying now. I burned my sandwich I want sit home and sleep all day. I'm still all bugged...  Ugh. I can't drive yeah we found it on I25 it was run over a few times i always thought they would bring waterproof Iphone, but they didn't :-( I miss you beb  meet up soon?xoxo I loved you in No Ordinary Family. Too bad there is no season 2. I'm to lazy to get up from the couch to answer Marco Reus, why did you have to go break my heart into millions of pieces And now, to shower. Sweating like crazy is not good I wanna go to prom, but i don't go to regular high school she never tweeted me me tooo... my brakes are completely out Dang man.. I can't believe I'm back in Durham!! #QueremosUmShoppingEmMamanguape I CANT SEE OMG  (  live at WILL YOU EVER FOLLOW ME ?  I LOVE YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW xxxxxxx I really want a bacon roll right now. Unfortunately, there is no bacon whatsoever in the house uh love you too! I just want to feel better... Cannot stop sneezing!!!  Hate being ill haa sorry WHAT THE FUCK???? Neuer!  Gladbach - Bayern 1:0 Wonderful... The only time I get hugs is when people put stickers on me. ONE THING I DO NAT.
she dasnt cam to cardiff because she hates me and lana  ( live on I have model test tomorrow. kmt y wouldnt u tell me doe Big S/O to  because we were best friends in Middle School & now she forgot about me  lol Please follow me Nini, I love you so much!! I'm trying since november of 2010  I'm so sad, make me happy 24 I MISS MY BAE Hoping my angel gets well soon!!! He's very poorly  love u malibu xxxxx &lt;3 ♥ ☹hate that he's ill Times like this I wish my best friends lived with me :-( I Sorrryyyyy RT  Just been told the legend that is Etta James has passed. Thank you for your (cont) Couldn't donate blood cos my iron  But I am SO tired #ReadyForTheWeekend Bye byeeeeeeeeeeeeeclass! Hope it's not gash like the last one. Looks a bit questionable though I must say dammit it was a hoax It snowed!  Happy Winter! awwww i feel sorry for Mike  #JerseyShore I wanna see my boo qk tienes moree you keep disagreeing with my hates SHOULD be seeing  now in sheffield puuu ahorita es el  y yo aqui  /// I wish to be there to see my babe #GeorgeCraig luv u!!!! iPad goin dead Pele" yeah  RT  Dt I guess should be babcock....."  i'm going bak to jail on sunday..."" WILL YOU EVER FOLLOW ME ?  I LOVE YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!   2 the colorful 1s :-( OMG YES! But it made think of ryan  of course praying I can make it... my car isn't starting in this weather. I just miss everything Omg todays national kiss day.  no kisses for me. WTH! I just read that  is going to be at BloddyNightCon!! I want him at at Eyecon....pleeeease! Sad, sad face ahhhh two exams next week ill try, but thats the day before my biology courseworks due Dayum bruh.  ima come home next week so we will talk bout it. Lmao!!!RT  The last time me &  went to get our lashes done we looked like strippers :-( I'm super shy me too  I have so much coursework and revision but its just effort !! Ugh breakin out on ma neck frm dis chain 3 pm! An hour and a half left  I'm such a rebel ;) haha! And ahh omg. That was kinda mean. But I know he was joking. :) to eat Yeahh We All Know u .. Everyone runs When They see u ... Ahhhh Wouter  #tvoh cant beleive Etta James is gone  she was so talented! its prolly gonna be like 50 bucks The sun gave me the worst headache in the world ! My tummy hurts!!! Fell on my hip doing blunt slide on this bank #hurting Edwin is dood RT  It's never gonna snow well no where. Not even going to the airport now its almost always work related  but yeh I'm alright! so not gonna let it ruin my nice chilled weekend :) hope you're okay Xxx I WANT THAT NEW SMOSH VIDEO!! Noo  so mean ! RT"  and I was going to give you snacks smh forget it" I'm the wars :-( RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much but I got u a keyring lmao peeing myself amber. PEEING. but i have to leave for work now       I'll text you when I leave and Highly annoyed at how  have given away tickets 4 the hull weekender :-( Iv never been so tried in my life! I want some pussy way That horrible huh? that's mental. wish i could be there supporting as Nick deserves, but yeah i have a problem, i'm from Spain.. not good, i know. Gheuns RT   ify, wait, you had to force your cleavage to show? Maka why? I know gonna be playing the album "at last" later tonight in honor Damn I want a hot n spicy so bad! But I cant RT  THERE IS A WHOLE IN MY YOGA PANTS  waaah At dads.. Missing my baby OMG!  dont do that lol WE WILL WIN NEXT TIME my arm is killing mee. think i need to calm down on the sunbeds. my backs so stingy, sore & burnt + my bums burnt but am still white  ahh i jus wana tan! I'm tired!!!  I wanna go nite nite but I got that damn Spanish from 2-4 I'm sitting in the back behind big girl lol Haven't felt like this in ages  feels bad can't believe I'm not seeing yous on Tuesday  so sad :/ please follow me it would mean the world to me !! Xxxx I miss oh right, i was supposed to go but i couldn't get there When Will You's Follow Me?  xxxx WILL YOU EVER FOLLOW ME ?  I LOVE YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx so tell me why at the probate I reached over to give Christian a kiss and he popped me dead in my face!! Hurt my heart Ohh Lord! Andamos mal. RT   dude you should tell  that we trended  Believe tour to the middle east /: he should come  #bieberfever Hello, meaning that we have to wait 1 minute to vote again! Haa vanessa going to be great last! im bored to  but i cant do much because i have work in the morning and i dont want to be to sleepy! xx and thanks I kno! stil dont kno how 2 do half the stuff on this #soconfused N y did I get a poop symbol  how do u get sym? no  but I wanna go on and take photography at college :) thankyou! aw, I'm sure you don't at all! good luck too though :3 xx Awh bummer  Well hopefully you'll find out the problem soon enough and twill all be sorted! :D no i looove you!??  lol RT  you hate me..? RT  when did i unfollow  The fuck!!! Yes he's out  And Henry and Arteta  Meep. My hair is so horrid I cut my finger it burns A few of my left ribs are broken, thanks to you and Mark. Nice double team My stomach hurts Didnt even see  today RT  I had one fucked up haircut in primary school my boys cousin asked if i put cheese on my hair and made rats eat it off uwww  but like what happens to her? and u could probably go with it and make some ppl fix it same! I still need to get Awesome as fuck though  bad times! I love en all! Speh superhits, american idiot + ... yes  where did you buy them?? omg, you know my gum is still so sore after I burnt it on that pizza  I should sue them ppl!!  damn that sucks  you habe any regents you have to take? why cant i find anything to buy onlineee  i want some bloody nice holiday topss! If this hot water bottle don't work I dunno what will  :/ Yes u RT  Am I?  " Abi vry annoying boi RT  Cc  RT  All ... It doesn't open until March 16 I wish i was going on the new york trip yes, I know .. but she so wanted to follow Edwin is dood! R I P To The Late And Great Etta James. RT  3001 Tweet dedicated to those who i could not fit on the 3k tweet soo whatsApp Messenger u have in your iphone Trick you jinxed me!!!! & you know what I'm talking about lol RT  My tummy feels funnyI cant !! lmao RT ::  Suni Nichelle
 exactly my bad if offended anyone Them hairstyles your mum did for you in primary school with Thread ... I felt so bad for Damon during S2, you know & now he gets a little happiness & they'll make him suffer.. AGAIN? NOT 1 person followed  for me At the Vet with Trixie pixie please come to ireland  I'm waiting so long to see you please please please!! xoxo you are off air  love ya &lt;3 (  live at Queria tanto ir no show do pitbull hoje  #UpAllNightTourInBrazil :-( And just when I thought my mouth was gettin better, my cheeks become more swollen  #wisdomteethissues RT   i misssssss you School is crap I don't no why we need to go  .  it was  at first I thought 'wait that's when they first met?!' but they were 'yeah we just had sex' smiles.. I miss my last years teachers!  ugh najikubali sema its just not fair :-( I have a stuffy nose  #wah aww sorry to hear that  but you still have me to talk to ;) x they should hve waiting two more years  lmao its gna be the shit tho  What are people watching old skins on. I want to watch itttttt i need to go see summer holiday. especially seeing as godspell was amazing two years ago and i didn't get to see our house last year it's a sad day when nobody wants an imagine  -Méadhbh RT  I hate being an adult..... sometimes.   it definitely has its moments YES save me from boredom plz  although i'm not well, so i'll look a mess heh xoxox My butt muscles hurt  If there's a such thing as a butt massage I definitely need one nowww. Stamp won't come off my hand from yesterday night I know I miss you too love and I really want to but you just said I'm hurting you more? :| ah the doctor is a paedo.. Creeeeepyyyy shit man  you seen the second?? :) RT  Seems like lately we've been bickering more sucks  I was hoping Wed get out early. #depressed #wannacomeoutonight #missingyoumore ugh I hate haters  ( live on RT  I wannna bee tannned não aaaaahhhh.... but when I download mf links, i can convert the 1st part but never the second one! it sucks sorry Tiff phone went crazy lol but I'm leaving today  but I'm coming back Grammy Week! Its not late,Mk he stand 4 assembly man 4 ur hood 4 d strt RT  Like my poppie for be politician I miss  tweets to me and I miss #askkylie but I want #askkylieandkendall  Plz!  &lt;3 Wanted to watch the basketball game and see Adrian fail Maybe shoot for sometime between 12-1, depending on the snow/ice (I'm more worried about the ice) R.I.P. Etta James - one of the most timeless and beautiful voices ever to be heard Ahh I wish I could go but no me van a dejar ir  oh well record it y me lo mandas &gt;:) lol oh dear, that sucks havent ate all day to morta com farofa! RT   Your video swag bro, but super scary. Gonna have some nightmares now  #TeamBME Well my mum didn't mean it. Hope yours didn't RIP Etta James.. One of the greatest voices of all times.. REALLY REALLY DONT WANNA GET READY why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!   11 sadie I miss talking to you..... I miss my baby please help me by praying for my friend! She has no idea where she will go after dying but it doesn't bother her!  #praying Still can't believe she did that, Mr Popperhagridronaldshanedawson is still mentally scarred haha yeah he's a birthday boy! and I know  at least we'll see each other tonight! I'm writing a story about dance & witty.. my iPod won't let me watch it! Sniffle vish  oq seera ? not ready for my quiz  but liz gona help lol Aw man well i'll text you. and LMAO!!! After College I'll be away from all ya'll because i'm moving “ RT  primary school hairstyles were emotional you know &lt; Them mona the vampire hairstyles ” - Fit people on my bus and i'm sweaty from the gym Don't know if this counts but I feel so sad for Kobe ahead of me mate..not home yet... :-(  haha its a school night so only a couple of beers for me... Enjoy sir :-) Sean Casey & other Stormchasers were here last year.  and I rode around on the TIV with them. This snow is rediculous ! Likee i hate wenn we fight Four cheese pizza or stuffed shells for dinner?

SN:  I miss the new guy My head hurt so bad! I need some TLC right now I would if I wasn't at bestbuy Esque really are the most important thing for me if I could say everything you are to me .. but should be short i miss sharon Waaaa not going to Bittersweet anymore “ I caught ur sub. Ode oshi.” “   FUCK! For real? What did you do Breezy?!” &lt; stepped on a broken drain yep! this is the last official creation xena con.  it's depressing. we'll have to make our own? lol Please follow me Nini, I love you so much!! I'm trying since november of 2010  I'm so sad, make me happy 30 RT   I kno  I should have chose u lol I tryed yesterday and it's like not on the internet  xxxxxx Just saw a puppy on the side of 41 so we turned around && tried to get him so he didn't get hit && he ran away. Hope he doesn't get hurt :-( I must change my realtor, he never tells me about the cool hoods!!! 6down, and it all comes down to the last person i think about at night.. RT  We miss you!! Just not the same without all yall RT  I miss dancing with H4C so much! Don't wanna face the truth!! My boyfriend be hurting my feelings sometimes , but he doesn't even stop or apologize 3 out of every 2 pple find fractions very difficult to understand Wish I lived close by!  I would love to come to some of your life drawing sessions. Wu!! I miss you  got back today :D dude I need to see you! Lol *looks through text* NO TEXT   lol.... But yay can't wait to see you imma text you the address boo Where are you?  &lt;3 Apologies to #ukgc12 for total Paulfail today. Chest has ruled out further play in my 5th (!) Govcamp Right Im going offline now.. Goodbye   Please follow me! xxxxx Wish the road conditions would allow me to see my boyfriend  #lonely RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much Been so lazy in looking for another job, miss toys r us. Why must I only be seasonal? sorry Maura  On another note I miss you and your sister terribly and hope to be seeing your lovely faces very soon :) why are you off air ???  (  live at I want pancakes it's hardcore. But we always have amazing time and miss festivals so much in winter :-( Also I stump up for Camping Plus at CB haha no I wish  more like LA and Houston. excellant news Matt!!- its such a relief; it took ages :-(i hate when my mom doesn't wanna chat on the phone You plan to come has Lille in France? Maybe I cannot to comes in Paris aww I feel for you :'( woop! Me too wow!  sorry about that off  (  live at do I look like a dweeb because I still use aol mail? only alot Why does my back hurt so much ? you think im weeeeng :*RT Muere .l. RT  Y yo comiendo hershey's cookies and crEme :dRT Toy delirando por algo dulce  My friend said it'd sound like boppy though Every inch of my body hurts :-( dont save your self you will lose your life  to many have gone down that path have have not returned XD Its a hobby to many : ( awwww savanna!! I'm sad I didn't get to say bye  KIT and I better see you when you visit! I know why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!   17 Lucy's getting spade  i guess they won't have babies together, but can we still have a wedding? Mum gets so spoilt rotten on her birthday, jealous of her #ThingsICantStand not having volleyball for this long I hate when people have long hair and don't do anything to it #iwantlonghair I only see black inside my mind, Zully sadly - not even any images :-( RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much Just pushed me off the bed I think it's $7k (not mill)... but we've still failed as a society. in that mood where all i wanna do is eat shit #butcant it isn't  i just had a look what happened? I don't even know what just happened, but I know that I want a hug from mummy try again, I was outside Bruh. I jus flat ironed my hair & its raining! murió. imma try not to  they better not hurt her either lol I don't like having no money  i think im having alcohol withdrawal symptoms... oh haha thats pretty shit Get over urself...u ddnt know these people... "  ...first Johnny Otis.. now Etta James?? My heart cries.. #L" RT  So much orange juice  I must feel better by tomorrow! He's unavailable until 10PM (Local Time)  RT “  does! RT “ Which BAMF wants to Skype me sometime soon?”” Ah that's alright. I finish at 4 I've never had couscous  is it nice Can't actually believe I have tweeted  loads and voted millions and she won't make my day an RT and follow me :-( arghh nooo,why are you offline?  (  live at I wish I saw it would have been great aw :-( yeah sorta but after a while everyone goes, at oxford we stayed with them until they left and in the end there(c) aha, oh god. Good point! I'd be forced to lock myself in my room for life RT  I Wish Jessica Would Stop Fucking All My Bitches  lol trying to not sound a bitch but it's true Yeah I know he was joking. I felt bad for my little Irish baby though  Omg ! You finish school at 4:30 ?! When do you start ? and I miss you guyz already I wanna go!! RT  Bump ALL YALL for not wantin to go ice skating w/ me i miss you ohhhh clever boy ;) 8am Quiero wreck this journal Monster RT  Nobody wants to play scrabble with me Today makes 5yrs of my favorite auntie's death  R.I.P auntie...i love n miss that woman sooo much...&lt;3 got a job interview tmorow at 10! what  i wana sleep in Whenever im on Justin's either sleeping or doesn't tweet, Whenever im sleeping, Justin tweets a lot or goes on a massive tweet spree.. When will I see you again? You won't believe this but for once I don't fancy Friday night fish & chips  #fail RT  Dear gentlemen with the giant trucks, sorry about your tiny dicks! Well I'll go take a nap then I am a staunch Newt fan, I think hes intelligent and he will bully his way to accomplish his agenda.  Romney is passive im ill niall  please follow me and cheer me up?  x x has replied to me 3 times and still hasn't followed me.  The love still growin for Niko thoo. - Tiana ano but she won't let me go down cause am not "experienced" enough on the drive down *sighs* Not having my car is depressing!! I can't believe I'm done in mr. Markiws class.  #favoriteclassever well that's shit  x why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!   16 I Accidentally Broke My iPhone again yes you are boy don't lie to me ah fuck u scared me i thought it was here. I wish i knew before i wudve driven down  #wearesadsadpeople please help us get  to the Middle East   #BelieveTourToTheMiddleEast sister treating me out! but we  to help us w|the channels  haha (Checked in at Granny's Closet) everytime  tweets something and @ alot  last..lets me know where I stand with him :-( she hasn't passed away she's just very ill & I'm sad as ever follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  50 no problem! :) and awww  just rest up and you'll be fine! Xxx Fack off! RT  ROTFLMAO RT   i'm going bak to jail on sunday.. lmao. I wanna go to your house though  . We could do it at my house I think , if you guys want. RT   jaaa, i know correspondences has been deleted #Imiss one of my ex's BAKING... everything else she can keep but i'd love to have the baking back I can't seem to kick this sad feeling :-( I need a meeting :-/ I miss you already. i cant see you  (  live at Not how I want to spend Friday afternoon.  so ready for this to be over. My frog is missing again!! Thanks for the RT no responses tho  My levels dropped again...eek! Ouch ! I Burned My Tongue aw  feel better! I can't even talk! it hurts too bad! neeeeeee edwin is dood I wish I could come RT  Eaaaaa. A  le han dado twitlimit. its too cold Wow she was definitely a soulful legend :-( My doggys hurt I like the blue tho! Iv already had them weaved in so will be tricky just to dye my natural hair  il give it a go #disaster Why is it whenever I throw something out, I always want to use it the very next day.I saw the saddest thing ever today  I saw this one guy waiting for a girl with roses & she never came.So he started walking away with them so sad. i have to miss tara's party AND my dance girls performance of jazz tonight  this sickness can #gtfo anyday now Indian giver...that was the title you gave me I am! Its well weird! And there was blood on the floor when my dad got out the shower LOL! Yes finally done with stupid gym swimming :) Until next year I know I had saw mines this morning  , wby?? George have me a chinese burn Why can't all my classes be like that " bomb :-)  wheres minez  lol Alone and watching #thenotebook, mehhh oh gosh, why :-( so maybe try to accept my request and then check your inbox? idk I WANT THEM BAAAAAAACK! I'm sorry  are you working tonight? just collegeeeee!  you at college? xx ILL !! colon open bracket! RT  Omg today America is suffering a great loss  I friggin love her. RT  RIP Etta James you didnt answer my question  cant wait for your twitcam sunday though! :D rt? Xxx I would if I could! Sorrry NO SHE ISN'T RT   I Harlem Shake RT  #ThingsICantStand niggas who still harlem shake and crip walk. WOW HOW CAN YOU NOT. I really want one Why Couldn't You Have Picked A Different PhoneLine :'( I Had That 1/5 Chance! Been Trying All Week And I'm Sick How may I help you?*RT   “ I caught ur sub. Ode oshi.” why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!   23 you havent hmu How you doing Angelisa? :) RT  I'm horny too  I'm always horny omg false alarm!!!! I was in tears then BAM it's all a joke. Wasn't funny Another night in bored It sucks that Etta James died. you now have over 1,000,000 followers.. You'll never notice me now  #PleaseFollowMe 4 cry wish people wouldnt buy clothes ive got, just causes a big cerfuffel!! too small too read Actually so miserable like almost cried in morrisons just because I didn't know what I wanted Sometimes the @ doesn't work... so how do I find who I wanna tweet ouft gutted Etta james, the lady who sang 'At Last' has passed? Damn man so happy its friday but my weekend is gonna suck. i'm gonna be studying for midterms. im sooo scared for midterms. is now following the strategy of many other star tweeters  KISS) Keeping it simple silly..not replying now! Damn guess the things I'm hearing about MJ are true...  u can't believe it till u see it I guess I misssss you I just want someone to cuddle with right now  I'm very jealous of   she's at strictly and I get to sit at home and do homework  R.I.P Etta James...damn that woman had soul I actually shed a tear Lol...she's a punk...Awww I wanted to see you  maybe next time when we in these streets lol RIP Sarah Burke and Etta James. What a sad couple of days.  I wiiillll love you too xx can i feel anymore pain ? be anymore sicker? fml RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much Parties/clubs are pointless to got to when there's no alcohol in your system up to your eyes in it I take it? ahhhh I used to hate being called that! I'm not giving you a mouthful i left the playstation up in fishers not gonna get it till sunday sowee I am defeated by child locked medicine bottles  they are my kyroptinate okey bye  follow me pipol (  live at • I'm Hungry Again RT   you said dreams came true... you had a little wrong... because.... You don't know that i exist! happy birthday mark...it's mine too n I've got bronchitis :-( a retweet would make me better! X Aarrrrhhhh bollocks going to be invaded by the inlaws  I'm going to have to drink booze !!! okaaaay thanks babe. xxxxx Can't believe he never made it you now have over 1,000,000 followers.. You'll never notice me now  #PleaseFollowMe 3 been doing college work all day ESTOU INDO : ( TEM MSN ? I wanna meet Pac Div when I move to LA. I hate feeling sick My beats truly r a luxury....music doesnt sound the same w/o em :-( Don't like the way the twitter app doesn't let you use #twitlonger :-( RT  My mood went from :) to  today -_- I just miss our friendship  but I'm glad that u've made a lot of friends :3 :) awww Im sorry to hear  I know it sux when either one has to go home =/ hope TATW can cheer u up a bit. Im good hun &lt;333 :)) CRAP! It's snowing i forgot to tell you i work at 2 today so we can't creep in sbux today  waahh Poor Sophie  I hope it doesn't hurt too much and I hope you feel better soon :) no not today Please follow me :/ i can't watch your other austream cause i'll be sleeping I have been driving for about 2 hours now  I'm so bored dude! I got like 4 more hours to go ( why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!   22 okay so won't be tweeting much this weekend as i have no phone solar nails are such a pain to take off RT  RT  I feel bad for Kobe  &lt;~I don't! It's called a PRENUPTIAL AGREEMENT! make that bitch write her name. Lol Green Day's Former Label Lookout! Records Goes Out of Business For Good - ARTISTdirect News:  via  And it's a wee baby girl.. turns out she's 4 months old, not 2. #BadRelative  ... can't believe i never told you :L! RT  RT   “ Lmmfaoooooooooo absolute no go RT  If you have thick thighs but no ass, you are a no go.” :-( Tonight's dinner!
Just awesome if not a little sad :) I know he just told me ! Haha I accused him of taking mine but he didn't awh same  Craig thinks he's welsh but he doesn't know how to say caried lol :) Lmao this entire day I couldn't taste or smell anything *sigh* I can't even enjoy my peanut butter crackers right now sigh,,..  (  live at I want Chicos!!!! WILL YOU EVER FOLLOW ME ?  I LOVE YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW xxxxx  Ouch, salamat  get her chocolate ! wahhhhh  not happy about this. Have fun!!Follow me please aww I'm sorry to here tht  hope the surgery goes well ! i needa get indoor shoes  lmk when you play field hated how both practicals came up! & bowlby's theory of attachment. I only liked the 1st question lol I probs got that wrong too whenever my mum goes out or away she only leaves microwave meals for me, my dad and brother, she has no hope in us and I know but it's still Emmett...lol :) I wont get mine until boa clears it i hate the feeling you get wen you kno your about to be sick i know havent been outside in almost two days and i still feel horrible funny - you must have missed me! :-( x x omg!! I can't believe you would say such a thing! I can't go  its on jen's birthday! I can't leave her with a sitter on her birthday! “ Woodlawn got in a fight... 
Guess I won't see him for a few days”w/ who? we're not friends anymore Sad face sorry bout' dat I was tweeting at u today but u dint reply  zainab's in school (n) Why does everything I wear make my legs look fuckig huge  ergh if I had a wish it would be to have long skinny legs!!!! Oh?  ... Me inko? " My husband RT  Who is Davido? : (" I've been having the worst back pains What's got them so high? he's not answering I miss playing video games  even tho I only did for like a week LOL. RT  I MISS MY BAE #ThingsICantStand seein close friends sad I feel weird being on my bus  Wahh #cryface I feel you. I'm fine just sick  Crimestein is stupid as usual. Lls RT  Cant believe Etta James died Wtf Lmao you can't replace me!!! 
I know I went to look at your pics of fb the other day  they grow up so fast you now have over 1,000,000 followers.. You'll never notice me now  #PleaseFollowMe 17 RT  #RIP ETTA JAMES & Thank You for sharing your voice with us for so many years "At last my love has come along" I just want to be 18 so close yet so far away  #notfair Upset with u ! :-( p.s. Hows u and dan after ur loss?  hope ur ok xx aw dang. That's not the one I'm in Wish  Would Have A Look At The Flyers I Took Ages Making  #Vote1DBestSingle Love him So Much :') ♥ looool I don't know how to this is disgraceful crying Someone text me, im hella bored Almost at work!  kill me now lmfaoooo, I know,  my girls are growing like CRAZY ill tell you later cz if my mum catches me on twitter  im done for i have to study civics now miss you too love Love a 2 hour drive home after finishing late anyway. Sat for 45 mins at end of motorway without moving an inch at one point Okay... so the laptop did end up crashing again. #FML -.-, now im having to use the mothers laptop until it gets repaired. :-( Hey Barrel is awesome :) just a little bug:if you're swiping to the last page and further-&gt;the Animation fails roooobbbbb. Come ooonnnn. Help me out here. I can't believe Etta James died yo :-[ I wanna cry that's horrendous  oh dear #notdrinkingtonight She told u u have a brain again?  RT  When My Mommy Lies To Me☹ dang I can't. Imma be with the fam. :-( RT  RT RT RT  " I miss cheering. Especially with my girls!" woooohhh dat huis &lt;3 I want that Yep RT  Bye byee to   everyone say a prayer she has a safe flight to Rome and an amazing time the next 4months! &lt;3 you doodlebopper Expires 24th :-( everyone's skint til payday. Don't make much sense.  My phone isn't gettin any love today :-( Nee kenn ich ned,sorry RT  “ RT  primary school hairstyles were emotional you know &lt; Them mona the vampire hairstyles ” - you now have over 1,000,000 followers.. You'll never notice me now  #PleaseFollowMe 16 The first semester me would be in bed right now. It's cold and rainy and I'm sleepy hahaha that made me laugh! I miss you so much “ Kinda gutted guys can't fart from their willy  lol” your tweets inspire me... Lol x AWWW I aint get my second hug today Took me ages to paint my nails burgundie and purple and you can't even tell they're 2 different colors What to do with no power  #Powerless erghhhh, fed up frannnnnyy you never texted me back! I asked you when and where... is so mean to me miss you waaaay mooore So sad that we don't truly appreciate people and their talent fully until they die. :-( Blessed weeked tweeps...shame myn will strt 2mo after 10:00 am :-( but omg i just watched the Evan bday project, other people done the AHS font and they're signs are better than mine. waaah Going thru it right now : ( noooo  what happened to him ? i hope your oj jessica why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!   30 RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much I wish I was too RT  I miss the old times with my friends  from high school    we all need to re-unite. And chill RT  I'm beginning to like you less. Heh. I hate my fucking life RT  Don't you remember you told me you loved me baby? &lt; You said you'd be coming back this way againnn (oh yea) I only talked to  it. It was #boringa'f without youuu! dont want rhea to go RT  I want a bike Heartbreaking footage from Syria how can this be done to children.....what sort of World do we live in you now have over 1,000,000 followers.. You'll never notice me now  #PleaseFollowMe 15 I don't know my mom went to the dentist today and one of her teeth died so was taken out. It was one of the teeth you need for chewing. She so sad  &lt;3 ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh what ? are you serious ? OMG :') i can't beieve it  OMG &lt;3 Love youuuu thanks &lt;3 Girl : goodbye. Boy : why  Girl : i found someone better. Boy: i found someone too, but i closed my eyes just to stay with you.♡ I may be jumping to conclusions but that's still a freakin bummer i know how you feel  xx Only 2 days left with my hunny why am i so funneh? send me pics, cunts! Btw you can call me zaynab tomorrow. IM A MUSLIM Struggling to get my pc started this morning. Is this an omen for the rest of the day? sorry ma'am it was a endless N shirtless vidI Made It Sound Like I Was Talkin Bout Her RT  want to see Coldplay in concert so sad yeah hahaha! all the Q's on google are boring! i told them i was edsheerans cousin and i live in the sea - they didnt read it Mood meter just exploded RT  I hate having a stuffy nose keep loosing followers :-( aw dinneh just crying your eyes out! I hate when people chat bullshit. It plays on my mind again and again.  i haveeee!! like three times it won't fit I totes would but I'm dog sitting all weekend  #hopealliswell  I miss you two already  RT  Almost completely settled in..:) RT  I hate them adverts about save the Polar Bear and save the Jaguar, they are really upsetting :-( but I've got a good anti-virus & firewall program Yeeee! It better not come back... Zombies are harder to kill i'm afraid i really didnt have a choice over it!!! Im devastated it was a meateor, my favourite ever. And i had extra dip :-( x man i got 2 wasted lastnight I miss u both :-( oh wooOw that was my fault sorry lol! ahh thats not good i wanted u to entertain me tonight.. i gotta look elsewhere now  are u Jodie Marsh'ing it at gym?xx :-( so many clothes... so little money. still no luck on the job hunt miss talking to This is just sad  places you know and have visited going up in flames!!! Very devastating.  Need extensions for lilke um tomorrow :-( The penultimate #Chuck fellow Nerd-herders :-( Hankies ready, very sad group hug & FF Chucksters  Next Friday I'll be ;-((  I'm watching glee... I want my friend I love snow but i don't love when i have to work and can't go play in it awhl my baby was looking goood today & I wasn't there to see Bae Just Left For Work " Will I see  at the concert tonight ?!" No ... I have one to play at myself. : ( History review os fucking boring  but I need this shit haahha! I saw him t4 he was amazing but only did 2 songs!  ahh have fun! X Essay writing on a Friday night = RIP " Today makes 5yrs of my favorite auntie's death  R.I.P auntie...i love n miss that woman sooo much...&lt;3" When the one teacher you want to see is doing SAT prep and refuses to see freshmen Just tlkd to my love  i miss him  I wanna see  tomorrow! Thanks anons F*cking Ustream study in pink *sigh* I am going to sulk now ... or have a cig ... actually ... both :-( WOW CHRIS IS AN ASSHOLE  he dragged me on the floor by my feet ..  can't you like, tweet some fans?  xx love you kourtney love you lots  xxxx Thanks! :) “  sorry Brandon, I know that sux  We don't talk lots but I'm always here if u need :)” RT  Not enough RTs  Get this tweet to 200 RTs & u will see us post vids of us in g/g, b/g & solo #xxx amateur #porn action we did! I think sick is an understatement. I think that's why most people do. To give them a chance at life. my mom probably isn't gonna let me drive in it either BB That just iratated me just a lot Miley you're the best can you RT or answer me pleaaaaaaaase I don't know how to get your attention anymore, i've tweeted you about over 500 times in my twitterlife how about me mister!!! :-( " Aww how nice RT  Okay, ECG we beg." i was above you on my TL the good old days. heyyyy lopo wouldnt bring me up But I love you :'(. Pleasee  RT  I honestly don't like you RT   loooool Briton girl A2 history + politics for sureee but I don't have a clue what elseee Me N Caleb Txtin ... He Goin Thru It Why did Boyz II men remake their cassia songs?  Smh his old stuff gets my respect I really need to stop watching videos where people  meeting because they make me jealous where did  go my stomach hurt , i aint trying to think about that stuff now . . . the last time ima see my brother is monday my phone is rejected 1D songs  could life get any worse? Some girl at the nail place just told me my hair is beautiful.. It makes me not want to dye it Sadly I believe you underestimate people. I think MOST want salvation without service Feelin so nervous on it It's in the East..  :-(  Brace yourself Nope. But that's how it goes  We need a Wemma duet soon, especially since they're engaged now. Not spending the night at Lexi's tonight? I'm not in LDN babe  or I would. I wanna see Haywire as well. I want   to RT but I guess he never will Taken paracetamol over an hour ago and this headache still hasn't gone :-( :O soooooo excited :D wish i was going to FD tomorrow though should've stayed home today #sick watchin football M'gladbach VS. 1. FC Bayern :) But 1:0 I left Monday cousin no cuz it dnt have me in it we have plans  if something changes well call you but what about tommorrow night? RT  Linux con I went to was hard to navigate, not totally finished being built and had poor documentation  but I did get a free mug and shirt na wa, wetin dey for our body naa??RT  Hmmm.. Na wa!! RT  If you havent fucked a #Leo, you havent lived. Got sick in gym class today Wish i could sing im upsset im wrkin w yhe snakes went downstairs, he's claiming he's too skint to go out! What is this?! I tried Too bad I've already seen this episode...  #sad Sorry  my bb broke :'( its getting repaired atm wont get it back till next friday #sadtimes Its gonna rain nd snow tomorrow morning I know : ( and got to do it all again tomorrow when we go tiger tiger. You gunna be a mess tonight?I used to tear up when I heard Moment for Life. Reminded me of my ex. :-( you now have over 1,000,000 followers.. You'll never notice me now  #PleaseFollowMe 26 oh is it  Poor Denise's kids and husband must be so embarrased!! Mind u maybe there used to it lol. Hope Nicola goes! no way!:O STUPID LOU LOU!  aww poo i feel your pain! -_- tell moi about yourself. I WANNA KNOW MY TRIPLETS NAME! ;) &lt;3 Eish,  RT  Sri Lanka is taking this. lmao imma send you my number. Something I shoulda been did :-( Yea... I'm feeling it right now! :-( My little bro wants to get underage driving lessons wtf what about me?  jealous much. “ “ All the best girls are taken, FACT! #truestory" yes sir ;)” thanks for rubbing it in! ill!  I want to cry RT  Lol Esther just cussed me out cut the bottom of my foot today  ice skating tomorrow is going to be painful! I guess  RT   Ya Mama Had To B On Drugs When She Had Yu , Cus Yu Not All Da Way Here OH NO I BOUGHT FOOD FOR OUR GROUP They fell behind my amp. 
If I can't find them back there, that's what i'll have to do. Yep Fri, Sat and Sun :-( Leg is killing after football  doc tomo if it stays like this #getbetter So, no discussion of Pogs and other fun things?    #digitaltext Sucks about the #WAmelt 
Least I can drive around now though 
 Haha oh well :p Chinese is here :D I need something to watch on tele, nothing good until Top Gear comes back on man i hated yall kids like that I feel ashamed I don't remember this no fun!  let me know when you're off next week and we'll hang out! have ndubz broken up hate wen i wake up late cuz that mean i cnt eat RT  #MyGreatestFear Loosing My Mother Yeah, it was kinda shitty when they left  But hey, it's not that bad now.. I like it, I am positively charged for the end RT  Man I don't wake up to no good morning or good afternoon texts :-( RT  I'm hungry right now are you mad at me now? My bestfriend juss gave me a hug & said she dont like seein me sad How do you know that Justin is loosing  :'( ? I would love to have a big brother  I'd smoke with him all the time . I bet we'd be mad tight . Agreed :-( obviously ;) xxx Don't need no fucken calls or texts right now  &lt;|3 Alzheimers is an awful disease sounds good, jus 1 small snag, were not mobile Buh I can't live downstairs wat if thieves come? Don't we all!!!  RT  I miss Fonda. so so so so jealous of mum  Yay! I resisted ordering take away and instead cooked a yummy dinner of chicken and vegetables.... Actually not so yummy thanks morgan now im sad  we came to the conclusion when u had hat hair lol that we were goid friends RT   I was bouda cry myself ...... can't.... it's in less then a month everything's too expensive now & I go to Chicago around that time..  ..Next year tho! you now have over 1,000,000 followers.. You'll never notice me now  #PleaseFollowMe 25 PLEASE READ THIS! im a very big fan but i don't know if you really read my tweets  so please rt if you read this...:// &lt;3 No No No No No  my keeping positive all week and nothing :'( why  :'( i had a 1/5 chance nd it's not a happy friday 4 me today RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much Pleaaase haal die homo van et podium  i dont like this something's wrong with her paw I'm cold in my hoody RIP Etta James.   Love her song "At Last" and always have wanted to play that at my future wedding. :') Feel soo bad aint been tweeting properly for a long time It's going to be gut-wrenching seeing them all in Panthers jerseys. I have a soft spot for Kopecky, too. :-( I want tostones Bored  #followback #FollowMania #followme well I hope all is good.. spammers sucks no one in my group wanted to RT  Omg todays national kiss day.  no kisses for me. I quess it is what it is I'm tired of working ina youth club. It drains me OUTTTT TAKE IT BACK. I hate when I'm freezing had a moment it be like that :-( 4 hours of revision to do tomorrow have to go  that you for the amazing twitcam guys,  ich liebe dich! &lt;3 ( live on Mood= RT  I hate when my grades are right on the edge of changing a letter  ... Which feels like all of them right now! #makesfinalssuck so lucky wish i was going to see Nick but I have exams + I live in the UK! ' smh havent ate nthn aLlday This fuckin Guy is still messaging me  idk how to block on my phone #fuck Etta James passed away today RT  my mom wants me to make her a twitter account uh no thanks :-( How i wish you were with us biby Lol , yeaaaah & I haven't even seen the first bby girl i wanted to cuddle last night this quiz is hard Uhhh, no RT   pleaseee  RT   Awww, Just Convince Her (; I know, retweet them all like I'm some stalker YOU MOVED TO LA?!  Canada will miss you. &lt;/3 nooo  haven't seen you for ages! xoxxoxxx what makes me sad about all this is not that congressmen are bought, but how cheaply  $60k for your personal senator #wtf RT  my mom wants me to make her a twitter account uh no thanks :-( just picked my nose....and it hurt :-( #partytime im saying! I gotta figure out what's up next weekend - my venue of choice had a fire RT    well we all know Allie would fake anyway like she always did when she was gonna "come hang out" MOER Port Elizebeth is far at night My ankle hurts so bad  omg what if it's broke ?? Lol I just want a puppy Why is everyone in this bus station talking to me and asking questions!? There is no place I hate more than the Columbia downtown station Thanks for the invite shoot. :O that's only with you! shush. and LOL, I can't right now, I'm on my phone and it won't let me I missssed you too  what you up to tn Why #ThingsICantStand George Clooney winning the Golden Globe over Ryan Gosling + Michael Fassbender no thanks nay i wont have time to go home an get changed an bk for r fittin  thanks anyway xxx hasn't met with me for lunch ina while i heard Chuck E. Cheese changed their pizza recently and it's not as good as it used to be#ineedmore twitter pals 

#foreveralone  I need a haircut but I don't want to trim my long hair! I take pride in it! Ooooh maybe sushi for lunch??? Or chipotle?? Idk what i want!!! :-( I want to get two rooms at the #disney Grand Californian between Christmas and New Year's. Pricey  Any deals? Small people are never taken into consideration, i only have 4 shirt colors to choose from ☹☹ RT  ☹ RT  Fucked up thing is not knowing who infected u cos u sleep around sucks soooo much!! RT  “ please please RT our video appeal for our beautiful Lily, we miss her so much    x This is kind o like the time you gotta say good bye  to the person you always love &lt;3 I love him ode and I know he love's me too RT  do all you beliebers hate me? why haven't none of you followed  ?  #RT if u did. filling out crohns form makes depressing reading :-( Bout to go home, get under my cover and sleep the day away :-( My bones hurt. “ I put 20 in and almost got a half a tank I'm juiced”thats hella good. I put in 30 & got 1/4 tank Can either have L scream bloody murder or freeze when I let the puppy out. Or let Aly pee on my floors  #NoWinForMama So much folk with more followers than me!! Feel like a dick  Tweet me A Belated Happy Birthday?! me too :-( but then I heard the people behind me say they only got 3 & 9 out of 34 so I wouldn't worry!!! you may have to share with a few select people. I cant afford more than one clone someone save me . i have to babysit haha! I'm with him jst now he's already claimed a few birds, not leaving any for me 5% battery  ... my phone about to turn off ommmmmmg u did so well, I got a C cant watch it at 5  i wish there was a way we could skype maybe? Why is it whenever I throw something out, I always want to use it the very next day. I'm always the last to leave out my classes, I move so slow nah. I don't have anyone else that loves me enough to go with me.  Oh, I kinda talked Pedro & Connor into making a Pinterest! Wow, power cut. Not nicey  x It till after someone leaves, when you miss them so frickin much! please follow me I have never been noticed before  pretty please&lt;3 dislike  oh well next weekend Today Would Have Been Seven Months I want some but I'm the birthday girl Not only do I hate the taste of coffee, it gives me headaches. awwwww  well I hope it goes as smooth as possible . Good morning (: i can't use kik  the internet on my ipod won't work :/ JEALOUS  have fun! Last pep session. #sad after 6 years. my ipod is finally dead It's soooo cold in Israell !!! i´m sad because i´m one of  16.000.000 of beliebers  since 3 years i love you and u don´t see my tweets:´( awe my bad I.didn't mean it forgive me lol :-( At GPs. Please oh please help my spine or I won't be playing very well tomorrow Yeah this whole nap thing isn't working. What shall I do now? #imtired #whycantisleep?  My heart's broke when you said  '' R.I.P ''  &lt;/3 AVID training tomorrow all day. I know. though I AM a little hurt. He told me when I met him he would tweet me and hasn't yet i wish  was my friend but michael you havent followed me  please? 4 RT  Etta James  the legends are dropping like flies... And we're left with trey songz and ciara....#JustSad I wish  was my wife Apparently my Windows Live account was hacked.  And of course I can't reach any Live account management portal from any device. It's so cold my team does, but I am sick, doctors are doing tests on me and stuff.. My kidneys or possibly stomach ulcer! (sad face) doesnt like my tattoo idea I hate seeing loose/stray dogs RT  teeeeeeenso viu : ( yes pleeeeeeease! Rubbish day @ end of rubbish week. #noalcoholinthehouse :-( x So so sleepy at work! I don't want to drink any coffee though because then ill be up too long tonight  wahh RT   & you didnt text back so i thought you were mad at me No but that sounds perfect actually. Any links? Sometimes I listen to long Judas remixes but they're getting old must just be thoroughgoods I wish Nate Berkus wasn't gay  he needs to be my husband. RT  Sooooo tired  could sleep for a day if I could well jel  he'd still rather play with Uncle Cavan :) RT   you said dreams came true... you had a little wrong... because.... You don't know that i exist! Its all good really RT  sorry  RT  He told me he doesnt give an F & that I should go back to bed. ): Its funny how everything is going good and then a back pain just kills it I'm sorry Me too  RT  I miss my Torchie! =( Aye that's sad Hoping  will follow me soon You look better wiif haiR ... RT  Mara y not?  RT   ja don't kgeh! idk y i didd  & not good my friend Fdwa♥ " Fdaitchh♥" A7b  " Ela t3al8☺" I Didn't =)) " We all fell in love and we all got hurt" Photo: under-radar-mag:  she was one of the greatest. Basic drawing. Shit. Trying to haaaang tonight and not be in this class So no? Nobody's bringing me lunch? Oh okay I had a dream last night that our bridesmaid dresses were $700.00!!! I told you I couldn't afford it and you cried! Bad dream Off to work.. I missed  on ustream  : ( RT RIP to the ever resplendent Etta James. (Get your Spotify going) Ugh I have to go do this training now coz i deleted pretty much everyone off bbm, and deleted you by mistake I'm in Nash til 6 then goin to Rachel's bday dinner so no dance dance tonight i had a dream i was dying RT  You are the hole in my head, you are the space in my bed. I miss you Dri told me my head look small I want Frank Ocean to sing to me because  refuses to RT  Shit Etta James is gone. Soon all the greats will be gone  RIP good times Britt, good times. miss you like hell  mhmm  no replies adeus role lindoMissing my crazy taxii  M.E How on Earth did Paul Turner get into the finale of #TheVoice but michael you havent followed me  please? 7 Getting a headache RT  #thingsihate that my dog can't come to school with me  #what RT  :-( RT  Music legend Etta James died today from complications of leukemia. Remember the stunning singer: I'm going thru it. I'll be ok. RT   I'm so sorry to hear about your cousins lose, i hope she and the baby's daddy is okay and the rest of the family  xx So its official... i won't be attending Lesley university next year! wow lol you suck I juss fucked up the GP Tweakin... Aww damn.... :-( I hope someday academia will finally have more focus on comprehension & reflection vs. letter grades & test scores - all kids worry abt. omggg been driving for srsly hoursssss! #fridaynighttraffic I don't see black squares :-( But thanks girl! Lol Worst fucking headache  napppp.. Then dying my hair :) Can I laugh before I confort u? RT Sum gal just said I have a phuza face :-( omg I was so nervous  I miss you more. Jusz need sumbdy to take me I guess thats the wave for me  lemme just Text Husband & Short Surprise never met   despite staying in Mumbai for almost 2yrs so I would not know! He simply wouldn't meet me :-( Hope you feel better soon Mols xx I AM ONLY ONE IN 16 MILLION FOLLOWERS, IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO YOU NOTICE ME  I`m sad #iloveu! 17 hehehhehe... momento séria! shit!!! Even with my excitement for this evening, I am still so very tired. Chismes Chismes y mas Chismes ! wahhh I'm sad I wasn't there RT Where hav U been?    Yadai swry This guy.  ;-)  But I'll be doing the alt raid that night and work during the day. fin en jus de boudin, plein d'interrogations en suspend. RT  Wow Etta James died?  This is bizarre. this marks the anniversary  Beyonce sung her song for Obama's Inauguration. I really want Dragon Go! on my Android, but for some bizarre reason  won't allow me to install it in the UK? So frustrating. #ThingsICantStand myself I wanna say it's okay... But I won't, cause it's not really &gt;_&lt; not tryina be selfish, just being honest class today Hard Core 3 Maths exam Longest bus ride I really hope I don't get a lot of attention at work today like I did yesterday aaaah, no!  Where do you work?? you're fucked for learning about dominant and recessive alleles in gcse biology now ugh!!!!!!!! This is why im not your friend jerk lol ugh. brain = basically a jumbled ball of yarn. “  FEEEEERRRR ♥ Miss You ” ME TOOOOOO BABE okay Kristian, don't tell my business. Ita so hard to say goodbye .. Mentally preparing myself for this cooold walk  Just need my hat, gloves, scarf, ear muffs, boots, snow pants and coat... Hello winter! yeh :) I ammmmmm but playing in goal  lol what time is is ? xxx oh borring Argg, I hate you! I tried skyping with my friend, and I can only see her and she can only see things I point at the backcamera won't work. no I can't go I'm working and I can't see you at the spurs game also sorry  you going down with mummy? Oloo... So how. Heh hmm nvm, I said I just got home from tuition that time and it's already 11 when I got the msg  Why rly? soon girl and idk yet. Last day with my kindie gardens  love the two big cards they made me, gonna miss you cuties Forever being called delora by luis oh, 3 now. I lost a follower. hahaha later! I look rough feel sick ugh terrible day Didn't go to work today  ughhhh IT'S TOO HARD TO GET NOTICED BY YOU  BUT #NEVERSAYNEVER RIGHT ?20 my life is ruined now haha $20/g for shit weed? #fuckmylife i really wish i went to stratford high what you going to wear to the art thing cause I don't know what old clothes to wear!?  haha! Xxxxxxxxxx these cramps in my back tho&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; ughhhhh : ( Mad at myself just got a bolocking for doing bad in the maths prelim RT  i think of the funniest tweets, but they're so fucked up i have to refrain from actually tweeting em  RT  I saw the saddest thing ever today  I saw this one guy waiting for a girl with roses & she never came.So he started walking away with them what about me :-( I AM ONLY ONE IN 16 MILLION FOLLOWERS, IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO YOU NOTICE ME  I`m sad #iloveu! I hate waiting NO !  I WANT THE TRUTH, DAMN IT!  RT   It's okay babyy, just forget about it OOC: I thought so and thanks! But ahh.... that makes me sad  Maybe we'll get a real chair baby season six though. arghh fuck all to wear RT  So bummed!  RT  Youth Lagoon at  tonight CANCELLED due to weather. #Vancouver need another album out Sel, you don't talk with me anymore 
what happen? tell me the truth Gonna have to live w/o wearing my belly ring for awhile  might even need to get it repierced after the hole closes.. has Martin been caught up in this? :-( wont be the same with out my son from virden jamie put jagermeister, apple sourz, vodka and lager in a mixer then cider on top and downed it. i feel sick blah :-( My cat keeps sneezing  I musta gave her my cold Oh shaddap lol RT   remember when we used to be friends? N u disappeared It is getting closer! I will soon no longer have a three year old “  awhh, poor babe! ” oh I see  damn You haven't tweeted me back in ages 
Can I have a shoutout ? haha i love rice so im dying without it but im sticking to it  me toooo! #teamskinny I don't have a ride may I have a cold blahhhhhhhhhhhhhh... :-( I can't,  watching some band play at a bar and no gas I need some And its raining outside oh no ok could be worse i have an ankle tendonitis thing I dont wanna go to Ramen college  Is it spring already?! Short winter but #onthereal I hope you're feeling a bit better  #FUCKBOYSMissing my crazy taxii  M.E How on Earth did Paul Turner get into the finale of #TheVoice but michael you havent followed me  please? 7 Getting a headache RT  #thingsihate that my dog can't come to school with me  #what RT  :-( RT  Music legend Etta James died today from complications of leukemia. Remember the stunning singer: I'm going thru it. I'll be ok. RT   I'm so sorry to hear about your cousins lose, i hope she and the baby's daddy is okay and the rest of the family  xx So its official... i won't be attending Lesley university next year! wow lol you suck I juss fucked up the GP Tweakin... Aww damn.... :-( I hope someday academia will finally have more focus on comprehension & reflection vs. letter grades & test scores - all kids worry abt. omggg been driving for srsly hoursssss! #fridaynighttraffic I don't see black squares :-( But thanks girl! Lol Worst fucking headache  napppp.. Then dying my hair :) Can I laugh before I confort u? RT Sum gal just said I have a phuza face :-( omg I was so nervous  I miss you more. Jusz need sumbdy to take me I guess thats the wave for me  lemme just Text Husband & Short Surprise never met   despite staying in Mumbai for almost 2yrs so I would not know! He simply wouldn't meet me :-( Hope you feel better soon Mols xx I AM ONLY ONE IN 16 MILLION FOLLOWERS, IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO YOU NOTICE ME  I`m sad #iloveu! 17 hehehhehe... momento séria! shit!!! Even with my excitement for this evening, I am still so very tired. Chismes Chismes y mas Chismes ! wahhh I'm sad I wasn't there RT Where hav U been?    Yadai swry This guy.  ;-)  But I'll be doing the alt raid that night and work during the day. fin en jus de boudin, plein d'interrogations en suspend. RT  Wow Etta James died?  This is bizarre. this marks the anniversary  Beyonce sung her song for Obama's Inauguration. #ThingsICantStand myself I wanna say it's okay... But I won't, cause it's not really &gt;_&lt; not tryina be selfish, just being honest class today Hard Core 3 Maths exam Longest bus ride I really hope I don't get a lot of attention at work today like I did yesterday aaaah, no!  Where do you work?? you're fucked for learning about dominant and recessive alleles in gcse biology now ugh!!!!!!!! This is why im not your friend jerk lol ugh. brain = basically a jumbled ball of yarn. “  FEEEEERRRR ♥ Miss You ” ME TOOOOOO BABE okay Kristian, don't tell my business. Ita so hard to say goodbye .. Mentally preparing myself for this cooold walk  Just need my hat, gloves, scarf, ear muffs, boots, snow pants and coat... Hello winter! yeh :) I ammmmmm but playing in goal  lol what time is is ? xxx oh borring Argg, I hate you! I tried skyping with my friend, and I can only see her and she can only see things I point at the backcamera won't work. no I can't go I'm working and I can't see you at the spurs game also sorry  you going down with mummy? Oloo... So how. Heh hmm nvm, I said I just got home from tuition that time and it's already 11 when I got the msg  Why rly? soon girl and idk yet. Last day with my kindie gardens  love the two big cards they made me, gonna miss you cuties Forever being called delora by luis oh, 3 now. I lost a follower. hahaha later! I look rough feel sick ugh terrible day Didn't go to work today  ughhhh IT'S TOO HARD TO GET NOTICED BY YOU  BUT #NEVERSAYNEVER RIGHT ?20 my life is ruined now haha $20/g for shit weed? #fuckmylife i really wish i went to stratford high what you going to wear to the art thing cause I don't know what old clothes to wear!?  haha! Xxxxxxxxxx these cramps in my back tho&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; ughhhhh : ( Mad at myself just got a bolocking for doing bad in the maths prelim RT  i think of the funniest tweets, but they're so fucked up i have to refrain from actually tweeting em  RT  I saw the saddest thing ever today  I saw this one guy waiting for a girl with roses & she never came.So he started walking away with them what about me :-( I AM ONLY ONE IN 16 MILLION FOLLOWERS, IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO YOU NOTICE ME  I`m sad #iloveu! I hate waiting NO !  I WANT THE TRUTH, DAMN IT!  RT   It's okay babyy, just forget about it OOC: I thought so and thanks! But ahh.... that makes me sad  Maybe we'll get a real chair baby season six though. arghh fuck all to wear RT  So bummed!  RT  Youth Lagoon at  tonight CANCELLED due to weather. #Vancouver need another album out Sel, you don't talk with me anymore 
what happen? tell me the truth Gonna have to live w/o wearing my belly ring for awhile  might even need to get it repierced after the hole closes.. has Martin been caught up in this? :-( wont be the same with out my son from virden jamie put jagermeister, apple sourz, vodka and lager in a mixer then cider on top and downed it. i feel sick blah :-( My cat keeps sneezing  I musta gave her my cold Oh shaddap lol RT   remember when we used to be friends? N u disappeared It is getting closer! I will soon no longer have a three year old “  awhh, poor babe! ” oh I see  damn You haven't tweeted me back in ages 
Can I have a shoutout ? haha i love rice so im dying without it but im sticking to it  me toooo! #teamskinny I don't have a ride may I have a cold blahhhhhhhhhhhhhh... :-( I can't,  watching some band play at a bar and no gas I need some And its raining outside oh no ok could be worse i have an ankle tendonitis thing I dont wanna go to Ramen college  Is it spring already?! Short winter but #onthereal I hope you're feeling a bit better  #FUCKBOYS StillI'm not gonna have 3rd period with    anymore. i was hoping it last..but... Worst day havent even started work and theres already bad news #Etta james had so many other hits. I think I've heard just about every song she's ever done lool i know what you mean hahaha he's comes out of me sometimes. You know.. And they know they know they know. Def good times. I miss more than u know. i certainly wouldn't count on it :\ i think they were both born in the late 80s done with Miami?!  well I guess I can't blame ya...and Hoosier Nation will be more than happy to have you on board. RT  Gutted I can't make it to party in sheff tonight  have fun girlys!   xxxxx I really hate the rank down feeling of #tetrisbattle I will not.  #weather math and religion exam on monday Yeah, I went 3 days ago and it feels like 3 years ago.  xxx. I need a mental health day IKR D: And every year there's more awesome shows to watch  #TvShowsAddicted I wish my stupid BB had a flash so I could show off my new pretty blonde locks! no  my parents did't let me go  and you ? Tell me abt it...  Hope we on d same pg... I really want one, but I physically do not have the energy All I wanted today was to eat sushi and see #Colbert     but no. I know  ok,ok so how's school :P ? twigirl ons tas??? I miss u!!! M tiens olvidado :-( Hate leaving my wee granny in the hospital. Breaks my heart RT  I'm still all bugged...  Ugh. i want that tooo maikee that sounds soo funnn, I love baking, you should bake me a cake lmfaooo I know gotta spend this weekend studying My boss doesn't like me cause im not black or tweeting stuff about me, making me look like the bad person when I did nothing wrong. It just sucks. During the work week, I can't wait for my off days...but now that I'm off for the entire weekend, I have nothing to do :-( Mann I'm about to leave on my movie  it puts me in such a good mood! Sorry...never have service at work " People who eat more are more likely to be depressed."    no wonder mcdonads/KFC never works Sad cause i didnt get to see  at the end of the day I wish  followed me 3 commissions to do and I can't even sit comfortably on a chair. Grump You right about that one! But I'm still hungry  lol RT  mmmm but those r the best my love!! that's actually so unlucky  you will see them someday I promise :D x “ RT  Charlyyyyyyyyy - jaaaa ik wil charly  i love charly” jaaaa !  Shoot! One unfollower! What's wrong guys? ( -̩̩̩͡˛ -̩̩̩͡ ) RT  Olodo. RT  Still dnt knw how to copy n paste on iPad duh! Even though I haven't seen enough of your beautiful face lately!! Oh, that is not fair. Im starving aha me too :-( omg thanks :) xx I really hope I win something cuz I'm not one to get noticed or anything  but I no the odds are slim Yeah. no broskiii. im not fever free we miss youu!! I saw some there that were pretty cute. They didn't have my size though thats the way to do it. Unfortunately I can't do a bun  lol little Lewis asleep in his own room hey can u say "eu te amo" means i love you in brazil... please it would make my day  i love u xx 2 Lmaooo Im about to get u da whole zoo RT   lmao naaaaa man :-( I change ma mind I want a flamingo that's my little sister Jake  not me I woke up and mine was gone to posh for my tweets ah man  please make me one. I see lots of #MoreBeardandNoGlitter tags so it must be broken I would want my family in the audience. I could accept it if the rules had been laid down before the show started R.I.P to the amazing Etta James  really sucks &lt;3 so i start peterson on wednesday :p and got put on probation  wahhh I would post a video of Van Persie's hat trick...but I'm on my bb I wana see her with every lil thing I have -------&gt;  I can't leave Jozi without seeing her Wow, just dropped my laptop on the back of my foot. The pain of breaking it is back  #WHAT No! It didn't come up! Wah  &lt;3 I have numerous favourite comments ... Haha what the fk is goin on wish I was My grades &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; lol yu did me like that all week doe How can  do this to me  I feel emotional & insecure now LOOOL you know what I'm talking about -___- no he's got a bad foot and he can't walk  he's in so much pain he keeps hobbling everywhere :'( xx RT  Mshtaq lik moot yalli 6awal ghyabik ♡ RT  Thb7niii AlshooQ W Enta 3nii Moo Darii !! :) Oo agool wenk Tjee Ts2L 3an a5barii  :'( I wish i was invited to ceilies day rippahhh* but nobody likes me Its goin to be a dumb weekend  Omg my back is killing me RT  I'm cold AF.. think I'm getting a cold its always depressing! miserable shitty weather cheer up  I'm sure everything will be okay. Call out & come   Chill wif us! no shit? seriously? Innalillah. I loved him , man :/ And isn't he still young ? Back = mangled ... I'm screwed Need someone to take care of me.  Im in the world of pain right now worst part of donating blood? the finger prick. Today the world mourns as a true Pioneer in Women's Skiing has passed  this video is a great tribute - RIP... and I will play his arch enemy captain hasntgotalot lol About to get a Chinese from Viens Palace! Gonna have to gum it down cos I feel ill though :-( I jus spent like almost $$500 in the mall :/ Got my J's an clothes an 2 phone cases an V.S o an a hat!!  im a shopaholic who need help!🙏 nothing.. i'm a loser who sits at home every night feeling sorry for myself  how about you?! :D were right! Getting your wisdom teeth out suck! a bit better now that I'm tanked up on so many painkillers  how r u lovely lady? I can tell!! Later both. Am off to amuse myself as phone is now virtually dead & I'll not be home for a while This is sadRT   RT  Just watched on AIT that d prisoners in the police station were stuck inside as it burnt down.. RT  " Katy Perry Unfollows Russell Brand on Twitter RT  If the game gets cancelled, I'll be sad RT 
What do you call a black scuba diver? Sea Monkey. &lt; how did she pass :-( I killed my bird on accident when I was young. Sorry for your loss #ANIMALLOVER  hate seeing sad people  cheer up :') There was no word bank RT  Girls with fewer followers on twitter are prettier and more endowed than girls with a lot of followers on twitter #factI hate being sick cause I can never taste my food :'( If I had it my way, I would play football everyday  But people would rather go out instead! #ItsAShame #ThingsICantStand. Looking in the mirror and seeing another wrinkle I feel that the pain is coming again Have fun!! I want to join you  xx good morning :) no I still feel like crap  right now I have to go pick my pick cuz his car broke down every day I send new tweets and nothing. Neither know I exist and that each time I gets worse  I love u so much ♥ 3 I'm gonna try! Right now looks like I might have homework interference. We'll see no  i messaged them to take it down...we'll see. Nooooo!! RT   eso me sirve?? Que absurdo! i'm a brat when I'm sick  in a funk right now :-( and hilarious at the same time  RT  :/ RT  Who is Etta James? Is that LeBron's mom? yeah i know  i hope he comes... :/  and All these old schweaters in the closet smh I need new ones RT  I can't fall asleep My Xbox app has stopped working :-( want Glenn cuddle on Monday  XD 
Xx My effort is not appreciated SERIOUSLY standing in the baby food aisle Hell Yeaa . And She Being Aggy !“   im not there .... yall bored ?! lol”  Ok time to get busy! My house is a mess looks like no one wants to hang out with us Laptops stressing me out, everytime I turn it on its turns back off, don't worry its not like I need to do work  Wish someone was riding with me to Murfreesboro Bad News  didn't make the cut haha  but I told him to talk to you aww  I'm here for you &lt;3  it's so unlike me hahahaha  it looks dirty but it's kind of... cute? i don't know. I can't see which user(s) posted photos and vid anymore in my Twitterpapers? Is this staying this way?  #SM cc need to follow me! Ugh. What to do , what to do !  lool oh I got excited :O LOOOOOL I'm going gym in a bit those were the good old days..when I sat down the back  booooO!!! " &lt;-------- Is getting fucked up this weekend 👍😉" RT  *sigh  *comes out from my stalking spot* thank GOD it aint me oh. RT ... I wanna see my baby naa oo..sayin it makes me feel slightly beta.. RT  wu xpecti samtin diferent anaa!!?? RT  .........lyts r stil off Feeling like a big chunky cow today  Tomorrow starts get serious time. Time to start developing GOOD healthy HABITS! is 18? omg she's so old Just Krkrkrkr   ? RT  Oh noes!  seems to be down  We are #Anonymous! Expect More! #Megaupload every day I send new tweets and nothing. Neither know I exist and that each time I gets worse  I love u so much ♥ 2 Oh shit just noticed now that the rapper in Cashtime Fam is hot. But he's struggling so nvm Hey its Friday....oh wait I have to work I feel so empty without you  lol joke, I'm just hungry DEM I miss you more!!  we're hanging out this weekend. No excuses. #letsgetthebandbacktogether ha aww I know! I don't want them to ever grow up aaah My phone is broken but I don't want stories at all. All I want are status updates DAMN  Etta's dead bsm  rip to what used to be a #SCCH Reeeallyyy not happy can someone cheer me up please My brother donsent think my jokes are funny  ... Hahahahahaha but I do!! :P that's unfair  hopefully they'll remember you for next time xxx Nooooooooooooo  No Dexter Blood in my future! I haven't been able to eat today  it just grosses me out,  I just think I'm still in love with her n want to b with her,hold her, kiss her me either . i went back to sleep too RT   ughhh I'm still not feeling good And what he wrote inside made me lowkey cry, he's shai godfather. Doctors Etta James died!?! lawddd, help us. *faints* RIP. watching spider man with my boys yikes!! :-( how you been babe, i dont see you anymore I know  Snow sorry Mrs. Henry hahah yeees!!! We sooo should have gone on our stalking session on thursday when JLS were at radio 1  xxx we missed  at lunch today. Talking about the tech community and growth in Jonesboro isn't the same without him. I wanna go home soo its official  is ignoring me  tks everyone just made fun of me in American Gov  
#jerks ! aw told my friend i would watch the big bang theory tonight but i forgot Not loving the Come Dine with Me man cooking Zebra meat idk , he dnt text me no more  lol RT  Just heard Etta James died 
Raise a glass folks, that was one awesome voice. RIP Etta. x Both my roommates gone for the weekend. sob yes :-( hoping good nights sleep will help Waiting for him to come back hey now ! Some ppl would be extremly happy about that! yuh revisionnnn  I hate exams but you gotta do what you gotta do lol I hate the fact the rspca put pitbulls down if they find one, it's not the dogs fault :-( that's really upsetting I was really hoping to see it was actually my first #AUSTREAM and it quit working I only said morning cuz I didn't get to earlier hey baby how r u ?? i always miss u n b/w ma work n alll  :'( do jus listen to ur songs n it feels lyk ur wid me all ym &lt;3  &lt;3 NO, im never out are you kidding!? Just turned 18 last week :O i fancy going KU Bar but noone wants to come :-( xx aw  well maybe next time it will be better! At least you like one :) Wah I want a boyfriend  #lonelytweet On Twitter you're a bigger loser than on the football pitch. follow mw pleaasssee  Is my dream  Love u so MUCH you really have gone downhill! RT  RT  Hate jullie me nouw omdat k half duits ben  | WUT =|• Ja Lies..RT  It's ok RT  :'( RT  LOL Yup RT  Dam ima b old tomorrow smh Awww now I'm listening to everything he says :-(I wanna go cinemas tonight she did offer, but I don't want desi one I miss my mom!! RT   the question is are u.... We gotta get it in! 2 days crammed into one!!! where's my buddy for this match? so do I but I guess it'll take as long as it takes  Just hope I sleep ok. alhamdulilah :) you seem a bit down from your tweets  cheer up inshaAllah x awww no  it still hurts now? Not appreciating the Italian accent my sis is doing while making pizza. she sounds Jamaican Back to our normal windy weather no hike for me in #Lakeland tomorrow :-( :-( bayern is one goal down whats happend to my twiittttter? okayy but this situation might be too short for you yes. i neva got any indivdul reply  once he RTed only :'( I hate being home alone in this weather it make me all sad and eww you're offline  ( live on Mxm not feeling well  night url!!!!!! Ok, my phone works fine when I'm logged off of UberSocial but when I'm on it, it doesn't work -. Grrr #ByeUberSocial Seriously. As much as I love Rod Black...I really wish  was doing figure skating coverage  hey can u say "eu te amo" means i love you in brazil... please it would make my day  i love u x My fav etta James song &lt;3 RT  RIP #EttaJames Just a few days ago I was listening to #AtLast . Think I might have pulled a muscle in my leg Let's be real.... I'm done growing. I admit it!! I finished in 10th grade.... Love you too every day I send new tweets and nothing. Neither know I exist and that each time I gets worse  I love u so much ♥9 RT  di.fm, fix yo self. I'm missing You must have forgot me  and we had common ground - haha x i look so unattractive when i sit down good bye megavideo/megaupload RT you have me :) even if I'm in manchester out of sight, out of mind! True legend notts! I'm away at a spa that weekend :-( ill prob be busy in London anyhow x some area are great - others, like mine, are awful I want you yes well, I'm stuck with it   because i got my tonsils out so i can't eat stuff like that. Well that sucks my Nooks battery is too low.  I want to read. Where was my invite RT  dammit! I missed u too :-( “  u were at #MAI and I aint see you????” McDonald's has a reeses mcflurry I want friday flowers   #luckyhoe #trevorwinsatlife Searching different pickups for my violin. Too bad there aren't many good reviews. lets see how today and tonight gose  hope everything gose well if not ill leave dont want this bulshit in my life nomore I put in my vto an hour ago...guess I'm stayin Yeah,ikw smh..i missed da pole slipped off da stage &i cudnt catch my balance :-( why does canada have to be cold  #pnemonia Story of my life so far this year you're just too hardcore for me to keep up with! Only managed to get 3 SoCo and coke's in i really need to think bout it cus i don't wanna loose him I just want to say that all the dreams that you follow me *.* please follow me  *.* #followfriday nope  i really need to speak more with her! x ahhhhhhh!!!! wish I could be there sooo much!! :-( That's what the gym is for! I need to toughen up! And thanks for the confidence boost, buddy. tabeen el9ij? Bs a5de3ich  elwed weddiii bs elhawa wel ahal theddi ;p I should texted that last tweet   lol damn whiskey! When hubby comes home tho  hopefully not too long now Idk what hurts worse: the fact that we're unable to see each other or the fact that we don't talk as much RT  Hate seeing my best friend upset I know and we'll never catch up  unless they all get the flu for a few months I know  and yeah I'm fine :* xxx i know  or from danny!!! oh gawd ahahaha, you definitely pulled sistaaaaa :L:L I hate that you were all 9-5 this week. OMG. Kevin just attacked my ass Can't make it on Mondays :-( -- hope you'll record the event so we can watch it later! so sad I misssed  follow spree yesterday Having a terrible day. Ahh my neck is in bits , After a nice nap and all oh that sucks  you have to have some soon kay :) i hope i can make it, so many diff things happing sat! Wheres my bb?? why gf soap haters must die  lol jk that is a little too far but they're rude and call us soap fans fat and stupid where's my favorite new mommy  !?? never told me if u was coming up or not..i guess not Im getting white already #lightskinproblems  why not me? RT   oh okei. go away lah ya. never come back. go to hell jg never mind kok. hahaha Is this train ever going to leave Yeah, they had blue and they have pink and purple.  But for some reason, all the studios only have grey and yellow Wondering If  is gonna be coming to #St.Kitts any time soon! I miss my friend!!! :-( my moms gonna kill me but i need to save this puppy! #sorrymom Instagram got me mad baffled I rlly wanted to play bball today #noschool Nobody TAJAAAA....you said I was the last.!!! Fine I guess not  lol Why he jus kiss that ugly bitch  he cheatin on me smh pleasee help me get cody simpson to follow me aww  what's up dudeee? every day I send new tweets and nothing. Neither know I exist and that each time I gets worse  I love u so much ♥8 Aniya is really upset  I never seen her like this ever k , woah are u gunna be 20? ur old as fuck Fecharam o megaupload She'll be missed alright n'awwh thanks for the offer though ehe! I've slowly given up  you not going out? probably upset cause i won't get to see Austin's austream tonight Missing TF Out Of My Boyfriend : ( #HisLeadinLady RT   Could Lila be any cuter?!?!?! She had to go the vet today she was sicky This year, my friends are all over the globe: Paris, London, Israel, Thailand, Hong Kong & Australia! So many places to go-so little timeSomeone talk to me, so bored and sick Aww  *hug* you better rest up dude. Hope you feel better soon! &lt;3 damn....smh....I will b over later to comfot u love. I used to have one FML NO SERVICE   #ihavepeopletotalkto Feeling ill which is a let down Cab company doesn't have miPhone I didn't get to say bye to you that's not fair I have set myself for Biryani.... RT  Facebook gets my hopes up by saying I have a friend request then saying I have no new requests Yeahhh It's On Hold  RT  i hope y'all know that SOPA isn't over  lol I need to go by the doc soon because getting up with this leg is becoming too painful Aha saw  for only 5sec naten e mire gjum te embel klb se spo ndjeheni fare  ciao * Asined * anywho shower then heading out still mad there's snow I just wanna get my glasses RT  RT  No snow &gt;&gt;&gt; umm yes snow at least once --- it snowed in nj- the ditch  omg, I'm not about  argh damn, I would've, it feels like forever since I've been down there I was wondering why the glee cast were tweeting about her and now I know why Got told I look weird with my crop top and leotard ! RT  Better we put condoms n our hearts too ☹ they get fucked way too often when you go take me! i need a belly button ring aww don't be afraid  when do you start? ♥ I wanted to see you I fell asleep. Just saw your last two tweets well idk wanna go when you cant go.. I won a medal for my role play, but unfortunately I didn't get one for State #ThingsICantStand constantly being tired RT  do all you beliebers hate me? why haven't none of you followed  ?  #RT if u did. I wish I could help  Fun weekend ahead? you do every time I tweet you Bow is so scary @ night All my pictures.. Gone.. Aww! (: I'm pretty sure everyone does though. She hates me Just see that  hate the beats .. RT  Where's the cheap gas Soo tired, && its 9:00 Well my hearts racing but that could be because I smoked a crack rock I got from a prostitue in exchange for some ear lint.  ah yes i do hear it ! I miss you & your cussing addiction yes, and no. No winter here still. Ughhh!!! Man I HATE this stupid auto correct...don't talk about me Pat No one is in my photo class today  #lonelytweet not talking to me anymore?  you got me in trouble too, you left your filter pack thing and mum's convinced they're mine! :L x wah!  il take advantage of it now RT  soon as kaiya's her jens not guna be the baby of the family anymore ! ha ! lmao  i miss MEGAUPLOAD RT  Boko is occupying Kano with bombs. This is not life Rip uncle Bob &lt;3 I've blown sooo much money this week. he has arthritis sooooo sad :-( It never fails it always snow on my birthday want summer back!  Busy Day Omg this headache came back!!! argh cant view vid on my phone n sound been disabled on this pc  there's one song... red.. something or other that the Town fans.. RT to show your respect! Etta james died :-( eso me pone triste gutted at the prices of h&m's Versace collection on eBay, why am I not organised enough to be online as it was released  !!! #nothappy Going to SAT PREP Tomorrow my stomachs hurting Forgot my pillow pet. I feel like getting into bed now and dying tbh  xxx lawl...got two days to think about it RT  I punked out!! I have to try again on Monday!!!!! :-( That 55 I had just burned out and is now like a 40 somethin I don't think either of us will beat  1 million score Omg half my jeans are to big on me now with I could see Luke Bryan &amp; Jason Aldean tonight RT   niceeee 1!!  ur voice  is good speak for yourself. Work all weekend. I miss you " Anyhoo, fuck you! Yes you :)"  Sadly Victoria duffield is #1 in much music Good plan!  wish I was going out tonight tbh! RT  I wanna see my baby I haven't got any id sweeety  !!! Aaaaaa !! I miss the city so much  xxxxx Why is it raining   #hatingtheweather Wildout Fridays wont be the say wit him not there  #getwellnow lol join the club I heard that  I cant work on the tuesday though as i let des know! thanks for the text btw #birthdaywish :-( RT  Lmao! RT  Bitch Said She Got Into A Fatal Car Accident ... Fuck Is You Texting Me From The Pearly Gates ??? Gesh Summer! Winter just started I haven't seen  in SOOOO long! :-( I lost my favourite lighter As we are all getting older we will see a lot of this unfortunately , then it's our turn I'm good mate, same  you off for any more bolsters soon? How's the mgmt thing u gettin anywhere yet?  Gonna relax until its time for me to get ready and go to my lil sis  last party in SP surely you can't be that skint that you have to be cut off?! It can't be that bad? I'm tempted, depends if he has plans kitens where can i find a tie side set of underwear preferably in pink!? I thought  did them but alas I was mistaken I wish i had a sweater vest awww im still gonna miss it  follow me please aparently....U know I cry myself to sleep now cuz I never tt u anymore  lol jk..hope all is well with u tho you know Aww 7biba didn't make it  nooooo, I still support her though #TeamMorocco #ArabIdol yea your probably right lol.! im sick and cold alright..?  #leavemealone support of the law ''SOPA''. I think he forgot that he was discovered by youtube nooo  gunna make sure she follows me by sunday! CNN tackles blood chocolate--child slavery on the Ivory Coast. Yes slaves, not paid labor which is bad enough. Thought would have a bath to wake me up as got work to do, dozed off  New plan = vodka :) nope jaja by the way i am searching for you and i don't find you. Might bbm eliminate you washed my hair and it stilll smells like chlorine. oh maaaan  I want to go to the Olly, JLS & Rizzle Kicks one in march but travelling there's an issue  boooooo! Will you ever come to the middle east?  we NEED you... I just wanna get off work Mr parvin leaving My head and my stomach are killing me :/ Thanks to Brittany and her smart ideas I miss my pooh please stop Niall.. I love you with all my heart but.. you never talk with fans... ah no  I can't wait beautiful!!! #bringonmonday i bombed all my exams I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2034 omw to practicee..can't help ya love RT   No she didn't win He jus won't kiss me.  *tearz* RT  Would this make you feel better? :) RT    do you ever reply? feeling lost Embécil ajshajjsjajshjajsghajs  RT  Mfbernal Uish si... rockea bastante asñkdasñldkjsdklfjsdñfsajdhfljaskdh I'm in such a good mood, I want to go bake something. But every time I get up I get SO dizzy.. that just made me really sad My sister just called me and told me today will be my aunts last day on earth... Im packing  , I own tooo much stuff! Im taking clothes I haven't wore in about a year , you know just in case! Think the term would be 'cutting off your nose to spite your face'.  Daftest decision ever #ThingsICantStand People who mistreat animals RT  Remember, it takes four keystrokes to  but only three keystrokes to ;) acabou gossip girl im stupid, I don't get it! Baby free day thanks but im okay just hope my mama and grandmama be okay At #Pequot... Nervous! Waiting on blood work & a nurse to come in...  Keep your fingers crossed that everything is ok. Working on. Friday evenin suks  #FML wish I could join you for that #ThingsICantStand people that don't have a sense of humour Dem plant me o.  RT  Dem plant u dia?. Move now...lol "flygurl_aidee: Why are my parents making me watch AfMag?" Work late tonight I immediately thought of you lol no little b is live but he hates it is that from experience? lmao *runs away* omg  must've been tough T~T LOL naah  you're just gay. how are you anyways? long time no see  #reminiscingtweet Being a art helper is boring RT " RT" He dont lovee me anymore&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; when i txt him he dnt even txt back  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;" ill txt back lo jp" RT   yea, I'm in a good mood now girl. toen niet nee  haha. ~ Aww, thank God! &lt;3 -.- I got plans tonight babe what's wrong? U NEVER GONNA NOTICE  IT FEELS A LITLE BIT POINTLESS TO WRITE TO U...&lt;3 i'm wrong  no no it's awesome. I'm jenny :) If you show him, he will be killed RT  I wish that i could show him what I'm feeling " The fact that I'm not going to the game tonight because I'm sick  &lt;"&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; -Jealous ;(  :/ why doesn't my twitter work with facebook anymore RT   niceeee 1!!  ur voice  is good My grandpa is not feeling well haha but still! but poor megaupload Soo bored yet I don't wanna go to practiceeee Flight delayed #MrCelebUK im from australia and will probably never get to meet   a phonecall would be so amazing xx miss you too rediff scouse jokes?! Well how dare you. Sorry Laura for the dark turn, but he hurt my feelings text meee cause i lost all my contacts  #soworthit I forgot to put my pillow in the bag neehh  viene al df el 6 I Got Blood On My Purse I'm bored to death but michael you havent followed me  please? 24 epicly worried about actually eastenders sooon Would love to be going to see  :) So glad I got to see them for free in November, don't have the money to see them on tour im miserable in this line But I am :/ I start on Monday.  ♥ omg.. i feel so sorry for you  #RIPDasher “   this season was the best.     Gill & Alex Good luck everyone! Miss y'all missed you too. I was in tucson late december but i didnt get to see anyone #mySUPERWISH is to sleep right now RIP Ms Etta James...aww my car is named after her Just me and trey in the house today, missing my little precious tevin Gercek ask yok mu? Ac show u izle Feriha'yla Emir'i RT  Robyn is so mean I swear I like him but he doesn't like me :'( :-( Speaking of felts, Texta never answered my email if they still make something I was about to but I was in a rush and I had to go like ASAP  and I never see u at Skool no more !!! don't be mean -me too share ! :/ It's hard not to miss  and  when I'm wearing my Manchester united jersey while my iPod decides to play anarbor They are so slowwww in the dr offices! Maybe i should have ate before I came RT  TGIF not so much fun when u can't have margarita Hi Ash, I have a friend in danger of death, is a fan of bvb, send them a greeting to my friend Fede please. RT  Need conveyancer in Cambridge. Please retweet.DM details. Thanks :-)) &lt;&lt; I know a guy who can. Cant DM unless you follow I really need chem help. If I have a follower who's good at it, pleaseeee help.just seen this babe missed it  .. see u next week same time as tday haha xxx love a #morningchingwag x ! im sick and cold alright..?  #leavemealone support of the law ''SOPA''. I think he forgot that he was discovered by youtube nooo  gunna make sure she follows me by sunday! CNN tackles blood chocolate--child slavery on the Ivory Coast. Yes slaves, not paid labor which is bad enough. Thought would have a bath to wake me up as got work to do, dozed off  New plan = vodka :) nope jaja by the way i am searching for you and i don't find you. Might bbm eliminate you washed my hair and it stilll smells like chlorine. oh maaaan  I want to go to the Olly, JLS & Rizzle Kicks one in march but travelling there's an issue  boooooo! Will you ever come to the middle east?  we NEED you... I just wanna get off work Mr parvin leaving My head and my stomach are killing me :/ Thanks to Brittany and her smart ideas I miss my pooh please stop Niall.. I love you with all my heart but.. you never talk with fans... ah no  I can't wait beautiful!!! #bringonmonday i bombed all my exams I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2034 omw to practicee..can't help ya love RT   No she didn't win He jus won't kiss me.  *tearz* RT  Would this make you feel better? :) RT    do you ever reply? feeling lost Embécil ajshajjsjajshjajsghajs  RT  Mfbernal Uish si... rockea bastante asñkdasñldkjsdklfjsdñfsajdhfljaskdh I'm in such a good mood, I want to go bake something. But every time I get up I get SO dizzy.. that just made me really sad My sister just called me and told me today will be my aunts last day on earth... Im packing  , I own tooo much stuff! Im taking clothes I haven't wore in about a year , you know just in case! Think the term would be 'cutting off your nose to spite your face'.  Daftest decision ever #ThingsICantStand People who mistreat animals RT  Remember, it takes four keystrokes to  but only three keystrokes to ;) acabou gossip girl im stupid, I don't get it! Baby free day thanks but im okay just hope my mama and grandmama be okay At #Pequot... Nervous! Waiting on blood work & a nurse to come in...  Keep your fingers crossed that everything is ok. Working on. Friday evenin suks  #FML wish I could join you for that #ThingsICantStand people that don't have a sense of humour Dem plant me o.  RT  Dem plant u dia?. Move now...lol "flygurl_aidee: Why are my parents making me watch AfMag?" Work late tonight I immediately thought of you lol no little b is live but he hates it is that from experience? lmao *runs away* omg  must've been tough T~T LOL naah  you're just gay. how are you anyways? long time no see  #reminiscingtweet Being a art helper is boring RT " RT" He dont lovee me anymore&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; when i txt him he dnt even txt back  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;" ill txt back lo jp" RT   yea, I'm in a good mood now girl. toen niet nee  haha. ~ Aww, thank God! &lt;3 -.- I got plans tonight babe what's wrong? U NEVER GONNA NOTICE  IT FEELS A LITLE BIT POINTLESS TO WRITE TO U...&lt;3 i'm wrong  no no it's awesome. I'm jenny :) If you show him, he will be killed RT  I wish that i could show him what I'm feeling " The fact that I'm not going to the game tonight because I'm sick  &lt;"&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; -Jealous ;(  :/ why doesn't my twitter work with facebook anymore RT   niceeee 1!!  ur voice  is good My grandpa is not feeling well haha but still! but poor megaupload Soo bored yet I don't wanna go to practiceeee Flight delayed #MrCelebUK im from australia and will probably never get to meet   a phonecall would be so amazing xx miss you too rediff scouse jokes?! Well how dare you. Sorry Laura for the dark turn, but he hurt my feelings text meee cause i lost all my contacts  #soworthit I forgot to put my pillow in the bag neehh  viene al df el 6 I Got Blood On My Purse I'm bored to death but michael you havent followed me  please? 24 epicly worried about actually eastenders sooon Would love to be going to see  :) So glad I got to see them for free in November, don't have the money to see them on tour im miserable in this line But I am :/ I start on Monday.  ♥ omg.. i feel so sorry for you  #RIPDasher “   this season was the best.     Gill & Alex Good luck everyone! Miss y'all missed you too. I was in tucson late december but i didnt get to see anyone #mySUPERWISH is to sleep right now RIP Ms Etta James...aww my car is named after her Just me and trey in the house today, missing my little precious tevin Gercek ask yok mu? Ac show u izle Feriha'yla Emir'i RT  Robyn is so mean I swear I like him but he doesn't like me :'( :-( Speaking of felts, Texta never answered my email if they still make something I was about to but I was in a rush and I had to go like ASAP  and I never see u at Skool no more !!! don't be mean -me too share ! :/ It's hard not to miss  and  when I'm wearing my Manchester united jersey while my iPod decides to play anarbor They are so slowwww in the dr offices! Maybe i should have ate before I came RT  TGIF not so much fun when u can't have margarita Hi Ash, I have a friend in danger of death, is a fan of bvb, send them a greeting to my friend Fede please. RT  Need conveyancer in Cambridge. Please retweet.DM details. Thanks :-)) &lt;&lt; I know a guy who can. Cant DM unless you followlmmfao aww poor baby You won't see this but my dream is to be followed by you. :) I've been trying for so long and I've lost hope.  x10 good bye all I don't see how i'm not in the top , i'm as gorgeous as all of them So true. Well, some just turn there heads, even when they know it goes on! It is not a "sport", and it is sick. : ( doesn't come in my size. Imiss Aryana sorry :-( how you doing anyway? But yea I can't go I forgot about dance practice tonight! I have pvr!! I just forgot you haven't followed me.. I got a paper cut  #firstworldpains RT  omg ah  last tweet made me cry even more than I already am  #RIPEdwinBouwhuis Haaa!!!! Cnt u see the halo on my head??? :-( RT   nkari u have devil horns lol maybe I need glasses :-? agreed! I know a guy called Everard Dick uno.. lovely guy, unfortunate name at school dilling with this biology eassy i have to write on genetic engineering. cool  sike help me im about to die from boredom hahahaha dammit. Now, how am I supposed to do that?  hahaha RT    Don't forget me!! :-( Red Tails just got sad af I have gym next qurater RT  Fuck taking bus Just woke up from a little nap...I guess I'll actually function now My right knee is BRUKE up, two falls two days in a row. I'm sorry knee I need help with itunes  I'm glad my mum can't drive, that sounds like something she'd do , yes.. I know . cause nobody has ever taken me on one Finna to take a nap but cant Awww the cheerleader didn't fall  #disappointed You won't see this but my dream is to be followed by you. :) I've been trying for so long and I've lost hope.  x9 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx aren't you supposed to be playing a hockey game in LA that night?  Oh yea ...     #getbetterFAST #wemissyououtthere RT  I must spend about an hour a day putting lip balm on and my lips are still dry :-( RT  My heart goes out to Channels tv whose great reporter has just been reported dead! I pray it is all a bad dream. lmao, I dont sit by any smart kids exactly!!! Played the Driver demo. It was abit poor  Love the original. You got Dirt_2 ? Me n afew m8's have all brought it prettygood Yessirrr. Why'd you have to move. a) no you don't. and b) I feel your pain Poorly ear Chukie_lynxxx follow me please When only 5 ppl text me I feel like a loaner Its like everybody knew wat YOLO was except me but michael you havent followed me  please? 32 #nevergivingup RT  IWU just sent stuff to my MOM in the mail about school and not me  #jealoustweet #shealreadywenttoschool! amen! It's not fun & it doesn't motivate me to leave my apt! I Miss  And  :-( two nights since tour Sad face.  I would do pex anyday for an excuse to see that arse. ;) I hate embarrassing myself  #500aDay You won't see this but my dream is to be followed by you. :) I've been trying for so long and I've lost hope.  x8 Oh no :-( I hope he's not lost. nopee no, like, i know she still loves him and just thinking about her thinking of him Hater RT  Pq ta hablando conmigo B-) RT   me itnoras due to you tripping me up  sadly! Haha knew it I know, right? But they won't fire her  2 days would be perfect, but 1 would be enough for me to cover petrol at least! You just burst our bubble :-( Might put it off, no foreign jollies for us this yr. Or will that cost even more?! My shopping trip was a success......for me anyway. Didn't find what mama wanted. find somebody to bring u I want u to go wit me Omg temple run is so addictive Neevy! Re-add me on BBM plz..i lost my contacts I miss you WHOA!  will not be back to #GH next week like we originally thought.  Get well soon Kirsten! I am not registered to go~   Wish I could... got a ton going on right now!  :)  You going? Can't eat eat hard foods. I feel like a baby  #wheredabreastmilkat? #Butimkidding That's the only thing good 'bout him. Reallly not that good, full of old castles and trees and its freezing! I miss you  I really wish I had them. I also wish to have a plane ticket to NY but I don't have it Thanks, imma miss you too  Get faydedd for me :/&lt;3 " Im gnna miss my  ;( hve fun&lt;3" Okay I see RT  I wana see her with every lil thing I have -------&gt; _YesItsOreo!!! I can't leave Jozi without seeing her oh no  how come? juss came home from my gma funeral  ... but wyd? yum! i feel like pizza now  aw no that wasn't harry heheh i wish! ..one day, hopefully ;) X You won't see this but my dream is to be followed by you. :) I've been trying for so long and I've lost hope.  x7 This is a joke  Gotta call 02 then my bank. Sigh. NIGHTMARE! Though Elbow's music for 02 is awesome.  u said #NEVERSAYNEVER but i know u #NEVER follow me because u don't know that i exist..i'm lose the #HOPE    28  being tall has its disadvantages neh my twitter just freaked out for no reason coz iv got no pennies till I get paid next week  I'm soo skint but I'm goin in the next few months to see him anyways xx RT  Not even talking to someone who used to be your best friend... Dnt know if I sud!!!!!!!!! The fact that she still told people she'd miss them & left with a smile on her face despite being denied by all of us makes me feel bad  I work till 7 My dream is that you follow me, but I think I will ever do!  I love you i LOVE You PLEASE PLEASE Follow me Ahh sounds fun! I work 9-4 tomorrow so probably just chill here  #FuckWork I needs one of your big massive hugs right now Yeaahh ! My knee kills though  😭 & my phone is f'd up not fucking with this snow I wish I could just get a brand new car. 2nd dog within two weeks  love you bully 😞👼🐶 really black cobain? you came to west po the year i leftlmmfao aww poor baby You won't see this but my dream is to be followed by you. :) I've been trying for so long and I've lost hope.  x10 good bye all I don't see how i'm not in the top , i'm as gorgeous as all of them So true. Well, some just turn there heads, even when they know it goes on! It is not a "sport", and it is sick. : ( doesn't come in my size. Imiss Aryana sorry :-( how you doing anyway? But yea I can't go I forgot about dance practice tonight! I have pvr!! I just forgot you haven't followed me.. I got a paper cut  #firstworldpains RT  omg ah  last tweet made me cry even more than I already am  #RIPEdwinBouwhuis Haaa!!!! Cnt u see the halo on my head??? :-( RT   nkari u have devil horns lol maybe I need glasses :-? agreed! I know a guy called Everard Dick uno.. lovely guy, unfortunate name at school dilling with this biology eassy i have to write on genetic engineering. cool  sike help me im about to die from boredom hahahaha dammit. Now, how am I supposed to do that?  hahaha RT    Don't forget me!! :-( Red Tails just got sad af I have gym next qurater RT  Fuck taking bus Just woke up from a little nap...I guess I'll actually function now My right knee is BRUKE up, two falls two days in a row. I'm sorry knee I need help with itunes  I'm glad my mum can't drive, that sounds like something she'd do , yes.. I know . cause nobody has ever taken me on one Finna to take a nap but cant Awww the cheerleader didn't fall  #disappointed You won't see this but my dream is to be followed by you. :) I've been trying for so long and I've lost hope.  x9 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx aren't you supposed to be playing a hockey game in LA that night?  Oh yea ...     #getbetterFAST #wemissyououtthere RT  I must spend about an hour a day putting lip balm on and my lips are still dry :-( RT  My heart goes out to Channels tv whose great reporter has just been reported dead! I pray it is all a bad dream. lmao, I dont sit by any smart kids exactly!!! Played the Driver demo. It was abit poor  Love the original. You got Dirt_2 ? Me n afew m8's have all brought it prettygood Yessirrr. Why'd you have to move. a) no you don't. and b) I feel your pain Poorly ear When only 5 ppl text me I feel like a loaner Its like everybody knew wat YOLO was except me but michael you havent followed me  please? 32 #nevergivingup RT  IWU just sent stuff to my MOM in the mail about school and not me  #jealoustweet #shealreadywenttoschool! amen! It's not fun & it doesn't motivate me to leave my apt! I Miss  And  :-( two nights since tour Sad face.  I would do pex anyday for an excuse to see that arse. ;) I hate embarrassing myself  #500aDay You won't see this but my dream is to be followed by you. :) I've been trying for so long and I've lost hope.  x8 Oh no :-( I hope he's not lost. nopee no, like, i know she still loves him and just thinking about her thinking of him Hater RT  Pq ta hablando conmigo B-) RT   me itnoras due to you tripping me up  sadly! Haha knew it I know, right? But they won't fire her  2 days would be perfect, but 1 would be enough for me to cover petrol at least! You just burst our bubble :-( Might put it off, no foreign jollies for us this yr. Or will that cost even more?! My shopping trip was a success......for me anyway. Didn't find what mama wanted. find somebody to bring u I want u to go wit me Omg temple run is so addictive Neevy! Re-add me on BBM plz..i lost my contacts I miss you WHOA!  will not be back to #GH next week like we originally thought.  Get well soon Kirsten! I am not registered to go~   Wish I could... got a ton going on right now!  :)  You going? Can't eat eat hard foods. I feel like a baby  #wheredabreastmilkat? #Butimkidding That's the only thing good 'bout him. Reallly not that good, full of old castles and trees and its freezing! I miss you  I really wish I had them. I also wish to have a plane ticket to NY but I don't have it Thanks, imma miss you too  Get faydedd for me :/&lt;3 " Im gnna miss my  ;( hve fun&lt;3" Okay I see RT  I wana see her with every lil thing I have -------&gt; _YesItsOreo!!! I can't leave Jozi without seeing her oh no  how come? juss came home from my gma funeral  ... but wyd? yum! i feel like pizza now  aw no that wasn't harry heheh i wish! ..one day, hopefully ;) X You won't see this but my dream is to be followed by you. :) I've been trying for so long and I've lost hope.  x7 This is a joke  Gotta call 02 then my bank. Sigh. NIGHTMARE! Though Elbow's music for 02 is awesome.  u said #NEVERSAYNEVER but i know u #NEVER follow me because u don't know that i exist..i'm lose the #HOPE    28  being tall has its disadvantages neh my twitter just freaked out for no reason coz iv got no pennies till I get paid next week  I'm soo skint but I'm goin in the next few months to see him anyways xx RT  Not even talking to someone who used to be your best friend... Dnt know if I sud!!!!!!!!! The fact that she still told people she'd miss them & left with a smile on her face despite being denied by all of us makes me feel bad  I work till 7 My dream is that you follow me, but I think I will ever do!  I love you i LOVE You PLEASE PLEASE Follow me Ahh sounds fun! I work 9-4 tomorrow so probably just chill here  #FuckWork I needs one of your big massive hugs right now Yeaahh ! My knee kills though  😭 & my phone is f'd up not fucking with this snow I wish I could just get a brand new car. 2nd dog within two weeks  love you bully 😞👼🐶 really black cobain? you came to west po the year i leftLove you ! :) #ClubRocker ! :) I miss u Ouch ! My wittle pinky finger hurts so bad Can't believe I skipped class today Time to go to my last class of the week. I don't wanna! Waaa scuffed my shoes I hate leaving her.  
She's so cute (: nope, i've never seen them live i miss megavideo. It was my favourite I dread the end of my lunch hour :-( My heart isn't broken but there is definately a crack how come its so hard... en donde estan? Well, people make a life-long choices and decisions to suits them. Shame that they live and swim in their own ignorance :-( x As a nurse I realized I am going to witness some of the most heart-breaking things & being sensitive sucks  I really just cried in class . Soo tempted to go out to cold though I really need a new laptop. I wish he was still that small #ThingsICantStand When I'm hungry and I ask my boyfriend to make me breakfast.. and he says NO!  #lazygirlproblems I know... why is that a good thing? now you can't watch them train in their poundland training tops before the game but you got it for me... we writin' eachother now but dont worry about it He's Taken on that day : ( im glad you tryin' your best doe hahahaha PLEASE SAY "EU TE AMO" MEANS I LOVE YOU IN BRAZIL... IT WOULD MAKE MY DAY, I LOVE YOU  2 And apparently I need to get better at this game.  only got 4 KARL heads Fell down some icy steps  the snow can go now... RT  I go crazy when a fly comes near me...  Oh gosh I miss seeing your lovely face -.- shh  RT  Mine RT  hah! glasses Yes You Do That! LOL! And WeLL Just That i Miss iT Over There So Much That i FeeL That iT Wasnt ReaL. Limme oh  RT  My calabar girl! I'm terrified of needles RT  Believe Tour To Middle East is moving down the TT's..... Oh no this is bad. Please no, not like last time. Pff nooooooooooooooooo !  no contacts for another week. fml I'll be on the look out, Goodluck BEEM pouquinho? bubu niyelak  it's not fun baleye admit it but michael you havent followed me  please? 38 #nevergivinup I am on a dream to follow me  Please i want it to be achieved,don't break my dream please  #Luvyousomuch &lt;3 i'm sorry for all of the weird DMs Didn't even eat yet I'll be back tomorrow! I had to get a shot all #bechtle employees have got a new #iPad 2 as a present, and in #talend we still use old #sopera cups “  aaahhhhh its beeen like 2 months since ive seen you. smh” other than the other day in school but I know  &lt;/3 Pain cum and go  still can't take no medicine RETWEET THIS -__- go away you meany AS LONG AS U DO IT ITS COOL WITH ME LOVE RT   Noah I'm tryin to get to a CPU to like ya thing Cramping so bad  #bringonthepills 😖💊💊💊💊💊 I know  will never notice me but please let me dream I don't need people telling me to get a life and pick on me it was sad! I thought it said Muslims  RT  #ThingsICantStand: Muggles. Unfortunately I think we've got to the point now where Callum doesn't need any more Lego or Playmobil for a good while. It was really sad ! nah...still got exams  need to revise more than i need to party. And it will make next friday so much more fun where has  been? Oh no one is online. I wish I could see you before I leave  #hategoodbyes i have no where to stay in LA 
 lol what about me :-(  lol RT  i wish 'Lost' came back on tv again. i felt like a part of me was gone when it finished butt head for leaving it's not thy bad here honestly! ewww the older you get the more bills you have to pay me too E , ifeel badd iaint seen her yet me too  I cannot imagine the coldness you are being exposed to #comebacktomeee hope u had a safe flight srry im gonna miss u guyz my bro was in the hospital and i couldnt get tix  have fun tho!!!!!!!!!!! I wanna go to the beach instead I'm stuck at work Noo my beautiful stream died… I lost me volvieron a pegar la cancion My first kiss !!! that's good cause there's not much I can do about it :/ it's not as bad as my laugh tho Hi love! Seeing him tomorrow in Brixton- was quite disappointed in the album actually, thought was a bit rubbish lyrically I MISS GLOBAL GUTS AND WILD N' CRAZY KIDS  . Is edwin er nu officeel me gestopt? Currry time! Why did I agree to so much overtime??  thinking of payday!!! My mom been flaking lately I don't think she loves me xx shite :/ it'll be fine no Abrams on a&b again today! "little blue rubber toy", heh. But dangit, I was just downtown yesterday & forgot! Today I'm southside. Its not fair that I lost my mother , my family didnt deserve that , nd she didnt deserve to die :-( RT  There's no possible way you can drink Capri suns slow dooone, ive no clue how to use it hahaha yeah, that's me too. sadly, I have like a huge review to do & study  good thing I have hot chocolate & comfy sheets He just walked away!  lol Amai holding him RT  Leave him alone ooo RT  Am I?  " Abi vry annoying boi ... Keep leaving my phone on silent & losing it follow me pls Kale yu dont be tweetin no more  I miss yu & the boys aha aw. I feel fine. Just rough throat. Taught substandardly all day. im scheduled 3 days next week at the womens jail..i havnt trained there in forever..smh..im gonna b lost! Today a real close friend of mine passed away  rip quention omg why you so clever.  I'm so jel. If you don't get a good job when your older I aint gonna be happy with you -_- I feel  nd I never feel this way dunno what's going on the mails were both of you I wish I know how to dance I know! I showed Connor the crayon picture and he said it was lame though. Also Connor called me a dumbass today. Ya life is rough! RT  Can't eat eat hard foods. I feel like a baby  #wheredabreastmilkat? #Butimkidding Não dá para ver meu bg direito  My Heart Is Potterhead thanks! will have to wait till tomorrow, now I'm on a sucky 3g connection so sore Benji :-( mums not helping by finding it amusing! XxxxxxxxxHonesty box  cc:  (should be bigger now) #ThingsICantStand Seeing or hearing you cry. ikr : ( Etta James...such sad news Bt u not tall wena RT  For some..me im safe RT  being tall has its disadvantages neh So I kept seeing blinking lights in front of my eyes. Looked up the symptoms n it's the onset of a migraine. Now I feel the actual pain ah we shoulda gone yesterday I have work soon! I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2037 Yes, its giving me an "internal error" msg  #MobyPicture I should have gotten my medicine today :-( miyana called me a dike today Ughh, right now  &  would be following me but my twitter wouldn't work 
#FOLLOWMETYLER 
#FollowMeAlexConstancio I miss  right now..... Yeah,  from leukemia. lol exactly! Need practice! Haha no ones going to volunteer hell yeah we do ! I'm tryna win you THAT'S GRANDMA 1. Is grandma 2 nice too? “ Mad  quit  lol” sorryy lol but good luck doee!(: I hate not being able to breathe. Gonna be dragged around clubs tonight  me no like clubs well you are not that tall RT  For some..me im safe RT popzee7: being tall has its disadvantages neh That does it Max!!! I am so upset :-( RT  Somebody needs to make my day I wish I'd be there  I need to see you  &lt;3 sorry keir, it just wasn't meant to be RT   do you enjoy watching us beg for a tweet? Im so tired i wanna cry nem lembra de mim The voice  TOP GEAR :) no im a broke college kid. I can see how she confuses the two #OOMF look like something that comes out a dog's ass !  #YUCK that's why you need to quit being a loser and kick it with us on the weekends bitch! I'm sad too though today is my 1 month anniversary with my BF i am sooo happy, and sad because we dnt get to celebrate it together your making me even more jealous now  take me with you :)))) Think I have a cold still wondering how its gone work on Valentines day tho you're tweeting addiction is tearing this family apart! I didnt see you today I can't get sick now  Tomorrow I'm going to watch The Iron Lady!!!!! so sad about Ms James. "At Last" our wedding song : ( lol ! My bad RT   for like a year pretty much  but we were strong and everything so that's the most important thing remember God is with u &lt;3 Ask me 7dii mitfar'3a Thanks for texting me back   #NoLove here is complicate enter to pubs or places for partys, need be 18+ years cause you can't prove it I feel bad too...kwonka TWIX is my weakness Okay I am soooo sad I will have no phone till monday at 3 when ups come  aint this sum shyt!!! but then i will be apart of #teamiphone DVDs came today. Learnt much more physics. Shame I only have biology and chemistry exams next week :-(  I miss YOU  I'm gonna be in NY in April. Meet me halfway, 3 hr drive for both of us ahaha Nooo don't say that  I enjoy all your tweets ! Hope all  is well ... i know I dnt think ima be home working 8-8 then packing babes :/ so tired  sorry! She'll have left by then Everyones called george except me RT   but #onthereal I hope you're feeling a bit better  #FUCKBOYS So it dnt look like im goin out 2marra nite my home gurl gotta work  its always next weekend tho :) Stephane Da Costa called up. I guess that means Smith will be out DTD? it's beyond ridiculous and disgusts me. nooooo I like it, well liked it, you already changed it hopefully, just have no staff to cover time off  even if you pop in for a few hours will be cool :) haha yeah and I'm not good at math  wbu jess ? u won't enter to  anymore ? Soooooorry  You could have not eaten them xD Get better soon please :D RT  Who me? Yea me lol. I miss you too Mariah. I'm coming over one day!  RT  I miss my bff mariah Starting to stress about finals  . been at this lame clinic since 9freakinAM! i wanna go home and sleep at school doing a biology eassy about genetic engineering . so cool  im sbout to die of boredom. help! Staying up till 1 am least. I always sleep too long anyway :-( RT  Come back  and Willow  I miss you!!!! Love, Floyd siiii  yo n se k vms aserrr joooo I was gonna go to LU with the girls but I had a change of plans... U home for the weekend? PLEASE SAY "EU TE AMO" MEANS I LOVE YOU IN BRAZIL... IT WOULD MAKE MY DAY, I LOVE YOU  4 have to get up to shower and get ready for work but my foot is asleeeeep why must Alex be a lyrical genius It's extremely cold considering it's almost february, my face is cold. RT    LÉELO :P RT  O.o RT  Hater RT  Pq ta hablando conmigo B-) RT  TheAlbert186 me itnoras And he is on now oh well nyt!RT   I'm already in bed nana, but thank u. RT   ... I agree! I miss you.  Why don't I ever seee ya? Would love to but in the UK RT  Wish my bday was soon, everybody talking bout there bdays Shitty this dmn phone is Verizon wireless. it all hits you in the evening not really RT  today is chic's last day  #sadtweet #hewillbemissed I should have listened to everyone when they said you'd only let me down RT    thanks but im okay just hope my mama and grandmama be okay oh tiote y?  RT   your a fool Where is my mommmy? RT  i always put on a brave face but sometimes i have to crumble amen to that! Miss you Cor She just pricked my finger  She said on the count of three, this lady did it on ONE! Lmao. Dorian needs to use twitter more man RT  Birthdays nearly finishedd... Tweet me please?        ♥ follow me back plz wat u doing..., im very drunk xxxx Stooooopp!!! that sound tooooo good right now  “ Sushi, crab, fish !!! =]”Just realized that I am miserable here 2 washings this $10.50 per yard quilt shop supposedly nice fabric is pilling & not so nice amem Jesus hahahaha :) I don't know what I would do if twitter no longer exists I just wanna take in fresh air.. The air around me is congested... Need a break Officially #stressed out  Thank GOD it's Friday! its COLD in this house still can't untilmy refer a friend bonus dies These sunburn marks on my neck &lt;&lt;&lt; Oh, thanks for finally getting around to it. I hate that I can't trust my own real brother RT  "  damn! Wish I was in London ;)"same here RT   dude you should tell  that we trended  Believe tour to the middle east /: he should come  #bieberfever Ho pochi follower! Uffi So I'm careless for the weekend no credit, Infinite sadface Argh WOT!? Low battery.. Can't listen to music on the way home Libya had undeclared chemical weapon stockpile - Yahoo! News  *** Now in the hands of Muslim Brotherhood..Gr8  ** Just got home and realised I've lost my watch. Me and that watch have 12 years of history. So unhappy I could cry :-( nothing at all no me saliste  mejor whatsapp jaja ! loveu lesbi (: omg that be bare jokes bare banging it out now all on my own  xxx thanks BECAUSE IT'S SUCH A SAD PLACE WITHOUT HOMENUCK OMG RT   is a meany head I love  this time e yeah!! It's a shame he doesn't tweet me back!  #lovefromHOLLAND! Im In A Relationship With Justin Bieber, Its So Secret Even He Dosent Know. 
RT if u r together with Justin but it just is in your dreams I wish lulu still was home and living wit me watched! yeah!its craazy!! cant wait till Feb 2 wow R.I.P. Etta James :'(

bout to throw on Avicii Levels and Kanye's Addictions before I leave me crib Tuna is so expensive, £1.98 for one small tin !?! What is this... and I love Tuna people can make themselves skinny, wish i could make myself have bigger boobs  #waaaaaaaah Tomorrow is the last day in Paris haha. No more Iniesta No hair done for me today  #sadface me toooo  and I can't sleep cuz I'm at a party.. And being the FOBs they are, they're making me speak english to Faisal -.- Hardly very convivial environs its so sad but so tru aw I wish I can I have work all weekend  is this how you settle? fuq SAKIT WAH TU Thought Taiwo was joining qpr on a perm!? Loan deal... meh I know ! I have 3 pound 3 pence in my bank it really is. So sad. People are dicks I hope it wasn't my sassy driver it's not fair :-( I love waffle house “   I can't do much for you here. We don't have any in MN either” vodka and lemonades on your own is Kate spoiled at all next week? Didn't see her name yeah!!  or just slap on the fake stuff ;) RT  Soooo , I Let Kake Get My HeadPhones. Haven't Seen Her Since. Could Hav Sworn I Said Swiper No Swipping Though! praying for the Cantins... Oh how I dislike those little bumps you get on your tongue that hurts. Why didn't I just skip dance  who's at school right now with nothing to do . I know , ima miss you too .  : ( :* " :| RT  Ahn ahn  " Gettaway! Its nw u r asking RT  Where is  ? /:)"" RT  concentracioooon! Where are u? OMG " How sad!  RT  BREAKING NEWS: “Kirsten Storms will not be able to return to GENERAL HOSPITAL as announced." Still in pain lol.. yay cuddle buddy! I'm still working on my power point  but we are going to be bums, watch movies, & cuddle all weekend ;) lol its weird going back to wearing long pants and jackets Have yet to hear from someone for the Rosie Show. Really don't want to miss out on being there with you all :-( It's snowing here... Not feeling myself tonight very emotional  x Been having a head ache all day RT   crying right now you didn't send me a photo I saw a sign today that almost made me piss myself. It said "Bathrooms closed." :-( hieee:) hey justin is not coming online..  i have to sleep i have school early tomorrow and its getting late (c) Soooooo tired and I have to study yay all weekend  blahhh fml I have a twitter but you excluded me  #unloved My sincere condolences. (((hug))) i feel left out JUST WAKING UP..AND MY WHOLE DAMN BODY HURTS What time do you start? I wish you were at the DQ by city place, I work there today RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much all night  xxx  but you reply some people,but me not 
Are u sure that you re buzy? :'( Feel like shit today - hope I can make it through the grind for four more days! nvm nobody is going . Everyone said fuck it :-( Abi link el,whatsaApp   7g #el,BB sir i want meet you again in gujrat but how can i meet you i dont know can u someting do for me? i am little boy on ur blog :-( I know  who is playing Sunday? Oh wow!!! "  may he RIP RT  Kano bomb blasts: Channels TV Correspondent In Kano Reportedly Killed." yea it does! :-( Will have to see you when I'm back. Sorry sar When the trust is gone the relationship is gone by:  true!  [Like it?  ] is it only 8pm?? oh no  we were avoiding good enough to eat because of the line Please can you upload this video  please please. If not then tell me it's on youtube   0.0 n'aw you okay Gazzilla?  Hope you feel better soon.. ~hug~ &lt;3 i feel very sorry for you looool I dnoo .. #IWasBornThisWay .. And sooo will I    ill be a doctor in 10 years the only time w/o Lyss would be right now or sun, but Idk if it's ok to do both insanity & run on the same day! ohh dang okay  me and lize r hanging out in a lil call me when ur done with pratice soo well all so something Abandoned by  for the weekend  a long and lonely 48 hours with The Swann casts its leaden pall... I thought it was Etta... Anywho  R.I.P to Ms. Etta :-( RT   RT  Edda James Pasted Away. ! R.I.P worky dubbz tomorrow morns  #badbants RIP : ( BREAKING NEWS: Second body found in Killybegs - Local - Donegal Democrat:  via its excellent. Second series been on but missed it cos got too much on the planner!! :-( I miss my nephew!!!very true, very true! I gave in and spent a shocking 99p on a bag, I was disappointed, muchly! Lol! Buuuycute things from Forever! Imy I wish I had a boyfriend  #teamfollowback www joio :/ yee wel adolygu! yeey! #badtimes  ond bydd rhaid! xx no Tyger please! I actually BEG you not 5.30 !! I'm out &im getting upset just thinking about missing it :'( Tyger please!  xxxx Omg Me Too I Wanna Go To Vegas It won't be! I'm ignoring ur bbm's when I'm back Thurs-Sunday! Lol RT  " You see now  I hate ... yeah! Idk I never have any blue tack okay :-( Man o man....lol half the day has gone by and i am still in my damn jacket this is bull crap I really don't feel good i think my moms got a cold be lyin to me. Haha, we should tell him to. :D But I'm sure he wouldn't have time.  &lt;3333 RT  I always fucking cry when mr big leaves carrie at the alter and she starts screaming Wishing this day go away quiero q me contestesssss    #fail RT  I hate when my grades are right on the edge of changing a letter  ... Which feels like all of them right now! #makesfinalssuck #justsayin #shemarmooreonellen - too bad I'm at work  yummy Damn how many yu have ?? Sheeesh lol RT  I cut all my guys off so I have noone to bring me food blah hahaha! i'm still so jealous that you have an iphone  xxx ( live on Acabou  #CasiAngelesNaFebreMania I just dont wanna spend £17 on a eyeshadow  but its cute! and i want it RT  I Need Sum Fatty Foods. I Feel Like My Ass Gettin Flat! :-( Im mad I ain got j Cole N drake's in the mornin .. Only fabs Slow day at work...wish I brought a magazine today  #worksucks oh i can perfectly understand you :* but u'll see it sooner or later :*  just tell u that Klaus got his damn  coffins back Oh , so that's what you think  RT  DianaNworisa_  fags :p just watched my sisters keeper for the first time. wow ... so sad Oh, God. I'm hysterical here. I wanna give u a big hug, sis! Lol , I Miss Youuuuuuu Internet Explorer has seriously been pissing me off lately. As much as I hate it, I may have to switch soon when you coming to glasgow I want a cinnamon roll. Scratch that I want TWO keep forgetting  is by allentown! fucking finally, now a long cold walk home eee okk 7asaafaa (oh please don't  you're great, I love reading your RPs) I thought u meant cuz I was @ the health center haha. But no  when I'm done here in OVA THERE!! I know!! I took a picture of it then refreshed the page & it wasn't trending anymore too.bad I cant see you at work anymore a mental is now talking to me i miss you, come home, please Oh no! I'm ill  just what i need. -_- I would but at Asking last night my phone got stolen I knew that was going to happen  day pretty much ruined. At least I still get to see I been to busy gettin stuff for Micah's party all day I ain't have no time to come get you. Sorry wish i was an alien, that'd be fun i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you &lt;3. follow me please!!!xxxx I haven't ate all day...soo hungry right now Fuckin deliveries  #COOKYEROWNFOODFFS Earning my weekend on this rough Friday.  #TGIF The news is so depressing, they never have anything good to say I miss having pervy conversations with  &  over Alex What does it take to get a FOLLOW BACK from YOU?!?! I'm busy until Tuesday First time  arrrrrrgh xx no ma'am Here goes two weeks alone  #findmeinthecave #gaminghard #crying oh thank god for that!! I wish I was singing my heart out with youuuu I wanna go to Christiana mall so bad right now I hate when my bestfriends cry, tguiwhoijgeirferwm i hate nstp ah I wish I knew  lmao Craving "   u guize shud cum :3 over 2dai" I would but I have to help these bitches finish these shrooms Teeth hurts so so much! :/ going to sleep. Hopefully the pain is gone when I wakes up. cause my grandma had her own place by herself.. and she died and the thing is.. if someone was there w / her she would still be alive My baby growing up to fast follow me back!!! Seriously I'm in love with you  #1DComeToPanama I didn't get into the meetup thing you rsvp'd for.  Just saw your tweet. shit.  im so bored. this whole house to myseeeelff Noooo. i have respect for my elders ooo :p “ U're Indirectly Calling Me Alakoba Abi RT  Wish my bday was soon, everybody talking bout there bdays so u should work on getting a faked id ! :D this medicine makes me feel worse Yes , hurry up freezing out here I miss my mom already If only Wish I was in JC right now you went off!  could have atleast left your number so i could have talked to you that way! haha RT  i miss cheerleading at elsik that's how I feel Sorry to bring the snow Chicago. The car wash is scary absinthe need to hurry up and bring a app out for windows I'm sooo tired  #NotInAGoodMood RT   you're coming to Aspen and it's a 21+ show?! My heart is officially broken love you!!!!! And miss you a lot  Awwh Mah Louee Bugg sick 
But Hem threw up all his Milk On Mah Brother Lmaoo
That's what he get 4 talking shxt :) well it's not that I can't find a job in the field...it's hard to actually secure a job. *sighs* It just sucks really I miss my dad so much oh my gosh Forever ordering a 2.20 special and king size burger then realising I want a kebab  #BellyProblems Hate  more And more i love fume as clan but now i hate that channel spamed every that he upload 50 Every day Was all set for Turf tomorrow with the welsh wing wizard & now can't go as I can't afford a ticket! Sobsob nooo  I had plans tonight and its lookin like its not gonna happen cause of this damn weather. I was trying to watch vampire diaries yesterday and the site I always go to is shut down. Megaupload NOOOOOOOO  MY TWITTER CHANGED missss summer   let's go back to cedar point #nowfind it fool!  Ctfu! My heart n prayers go out to their families, They will missed greatly.. i didnt talk to my bestie  all day just think whats more important, exams or temple run....its a toughy, but temple run always wins So my son  leaves for school sunday , ahhh shits sad  no mo ; we getting fried though today & tomorrow #legoo! Mamá! Me quieren robar a mi Pauli! #TheRasmus Anyone have an extra IPhone 4 case? I'm gonna bust my screen aw I know  there so good tho lol! Wow got suspended fuck networks are dumb RT  Increasing chatter that Parks and Recreation is getting cancelled.  temper trap...please come back. i miss you lots I would love to see the day  follows me... dont think that will happen  i wish i knew who i was :') &lt;3 I wish you'd be there as well so badly  If I won't see you, I die and I'm not even joking  &lt;3 It's gonna be the toughest 2 mnths of my life :-( RIP Etta James  you will missed . LOOL, I gotta get my big ass chunky book n start learning that shit tmoo Waiting to see the dr..#bloodpressureHIGH :-( I can't believe megaupload has gone! Now I have to watch love & hip hop with shit quality She said bye again why that husky was on the bus! I wanted to stroke it y u no give me loves. just working, school starts backup Monday  ah did you really? You are da best, keep me updated! the only sad part was that kid with the tumor LMFAO i shrunk/melted 10 of the kids aaprons today  sorry munchkins. i didnt know plastic couldnt go in the tumble dryer OK lol , does this mean accrington gig is cancelled i wanted to see u perform aswell dunno if i can get to Nottingham one Y can't I stop eating just had a coughing fit :-( don't wanna go to dagenham tomorrow  suppose I have to considering its my sisters bd and I'm missing her party for #cafc It won't be the same, it's a key ingredient.  :-( Do you perhaps live at Chester Zoo? The batcave there is amazing! Never saw the batmobile tho can we do d. Spaghetti tomorrow? I can probably sneak out between rounds why not  its like a tiny little person D: Breaking my Nando's virginity. Scared Unlucky  What games can you play on it? RT  Don't think  is seeing my tweets tonight  xx Why your account not verified  , your soo coo down here in Toledo , OH. Yeah... that's the only thing i don't like about him ...  . Lmao nooo you & joshua will hurt me Our vet sent us a card for losing our dog  that was so nice of them I should have never asked now I'm sad nope Have fun, I miss the times we all would go out together :-( LOOL thats what happened to me this morning! I want my new mac right MEOW our Sky+ is off  i feel like I've lost an arm or leg :') No dog likes the cone collar.

“ BB is getting a cone collar until she leaves her skin allergies alone." Wish I was going to bachelor this weekend with some of my favorite people so saddd, my only friend at work had his last day todayy  i might go crazyyy at work now Wish ppl knew who i felt wen things like this happen to me xx Feeling super sick, I just wanna go home Five long months hello  , follow back me please I told my mom I feel like a million bucks and she I ain't going no where this weekend #tried I don't know why I'm still waiting, I can't make you mineeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ahaha, we will innit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hahahaaaaaaaa bless you :-( i hope you weren't lonely xxxxxxxxxxxx I don't want to hurt her but I don't know her apart from "hi" *shake hands* I love ALL their stuff...! Do you get loads free?  x oh no  hope you're feeling better soon! Xxx Yeah. Damn you mother nature. YOU DIDNT CHANGE YOUR DP  CHANGE IT TO THIS MAYBE? Follow me i want a call but i dont wanna give my phone no out pubicly  ( live on RT  The poor puppy  is sick. Can't even talk. :-( “ I wonder if friday is on demand cause its friday and I aint got a job.” it ain't tho found the cutest purse online but its $1,660 maybe one day when im rich last lunch!!! I'm gonna miss seeing you eeryday! - WTF  tortilla soup is my fav. cant get on the fly fm's siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiite awe well that's sad.. :-( lucky you!! No Rose for me till Sunday yeah your bitch ass ditched me I suppose. I was disappointed though nooooooOoooooooo!  .... le sigh! ....  Do like me and save every 280 seconds. RT  My dayy &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Great!! but i wish you were there! Ok I understand why all the ref girls want to sit beside me. oho! i just click... will try. i might be out btwn 4-6 I'm positive my office is a museum of old office equipment and software and people too redundant to learn new technology RT  RT  RT  I'm seeing te le mi lo all over my tl I wana hear too na why did you unfollow? sigh me to It still hurts :-( even thou ive moved on but michael you havent followed me  please? 45 &lt;4 xx i feel sad for you,if you need to get rid of them i'll be glad to come over,cook and enjoy them I wish  was back here in the STL WHERE IS MY METALLICA ALBUM ? :-( Might let them out the shed now...jokes ova Today I have eaten: an apple, 6 minidonuts. wearing suede heels in this weather, what a mistake I would get beat up in your dream  lol goodthing that doesn't happen in real life x) Playing on ze xbox with father, so gunna miss him when he leaves. “ Crying so much my head hurts !! :/” What's Wrong TJ? Nd my head  Nobody knows or cares  RT  Smashis, AB Crazy and _____? Way too crush a girl's spirits and twitpic too! haha bless ya, I've never been able to work a skateboard  you'll have to teach me.... When you re learn haha :P xx never seen itwould love to watch Prodigy and Pendulum live again, possibly the best atmospheres ever. take me to a gig nowww. #boringlife Rest in peace, Etta James  #atlast We just got back from TGIs and now feel sick : ( xx Viewing day tomorrow so another early start : ( , gotta work today yes, i'm brazilian  there are some places that sell but are too expensive for me (((( gonna cry ;(( i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you &lt;3 7 Ehya.. Hope u here nw sha' RT  Yesss! Dat dead schl  RT Iam_oloyz: Finally!!! U coming 2schl (cont) Please someone come to tish with me sorry to hear! Such a horrible thing to happen :-( snow... I want a golden retriever puppy so bad but I don't want it to grow argh, I hate being let down Stuck in traffic  wahh  I hope I'm not in dining room missing you bb! Marc anthony 1.300 $ Please can i have a RT I've had a rubbish day Mee tooo  I look like such a mangy, I need a haircut Why is your school so cool? YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Inconveniently had meetings all morning    This is going to be huge!  So exciting! #gymbrarians rule! i would b I can't go :-( RT  Getting dolled up 4 2night #FASHIONWEEKDALLAS How could an angel break my heart Its Only Wednesday For Me You'll make friends :) RT   andy!! i have no one to go with to the seattle show.. im gonna kill myself. RT  Thoughts & prayers for babies , parents & staff at Royal Victoria Hospital. Terrible time for all new mothers there If it wasn't quite so devious, it would almost be funny...I guess they don't do nuance! You Left Me  lol so, ive not got the job?  pahahahaha 5.0.1 jailbreak on iPhone4 has been very unstable for me. Works for a few days, when I reboot it, stuck at logo... #dfu #repeatall #pantsfamily has chat rooms died? everyone used twitter instead?    not the same anymore Why have I not seen a tweet from  in forever RT  The physics was so fucking hard iWant Some Snicker Doodle Cookies, :$ lesh  hes niceee  ( live on i am so so sorry babe i was at my nans  !! good babe!! fine NOW!!! &lt;3 xxxxx Damn my apple is all gone Shaved the goatee To bad he plays for the mavs now Pleaaaasssee follow me Pauly i've been trying for ages now! Still waiting on an email back from Wales Ligaments in ankle  #badtimes iFeel bad now RT  Hate it when people don't play along with #FF RT  I miss  &lt;/3  Hope u'll b ok babe! *hugg's* I miss you :-( Well,i have to say goodbye for now 
Que tengas un buen día :) I hear/see it now RT  Some people are just so weird &lt; sorry Too much curry!!! :-( I wish too Live on Sabc1 will never be the same again  ey owel #turns2Mtv I just want my new baby jeepppp already  #ivewaitedlongenough RT  I wanna be at the springs this weekend : ( It is. So awesome. 0_o I wanna download the whole song but I don't think they have it. Financial Management! RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  R-T if u followed! :)x all weekend  plus monday and tuesday ...  thats way too long to not see him!!!  mama im sooo screwed NOOOOOOOOOOO “  GET” &lt;-- it's snowing back at home : ( RT  So sad that we don't truly appreciate people and their talent fully until they die. :-( Nkechi, no na!!  RT  RT if you were born and breed in the north and you are actually cool .. -__- Bye bye training. Hello swollen black balls. noo ive been a good girl , lol haha you and me both.. I'm just now about to eat my first meal too. My Brother LAUGHED At Me! Called Me A Baby! Haha Weits... Ud slesai yaa? Kalah dehh gw...  RT  The last area in my project.... °•˚◦hùƒƒt˚◦ ( ˘˛˘ ") (@ Siloam Hospital) looooool how can you say JUST? making me sound like some leftovers from burger king or something. I hate being female, I just want to curl up into a ball, not revise Italian ... Probly not   i have further obligations The reason I didn't want our relationship to end, is because I can no longer be your friend.  #WantToStayFriends can't believe you guys r actually coming to NYC but you have to be 21+ to get in  I'll be 21 in less then 5 months!! Grrrr u hate me Someone please explain why I don't look like lana del ray! What site are you watching it on? because the ones i normally watch stuff on have been stopped Sash: Merry christmas!  Me: Christmas is gone  Sash: Ow   Me: it'll be back next year though Sash: Yayy ! LOL I know Bt I want u 2 meet dem nau  RT  I so wanna b wf u thru out 2mao...buh I dun wanna meet ur family *scared* Farewell lunch with  before she moves away and leaves me to have Kardashian marathons and obsess over Kate Middleton all alone Well apparently my mom lost tHe car keys? So.. Can someone drive me to work for 4 30? PLEASE SAY "EU TE AMO" MEANS I LOVE YOU IN BRAZIL... IT WOULD MAKE MY DAY, I LOVE YOU  pleaseeeeeeeeeee i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you 8 yea, but I work tomorrow too There's a hole / cut in my straw :-( &lt; why have you not tweeted me yet? :-( Still got another hour to wait though! aww i hope u feel better soon Ash  xxx I miss a lot of people You get an add on bb and you're thinking hm alright :) you accept, view contact profile see the picture and start to question life 60 hours and counting. how come You know what the CW ruined my Birthday cause there not having a new TVD to enjoy on Thursday  btw B-days Wednesday he he! Eating cold jellof rice because the microwave isn't workingI didn't even smoke  my hands smell like newports . Christian Serratos eating a really gooey peach pie, in leopard print... okay I'll stop now ouai My car can no longer handle Wisconsin winter. Lmfao u stupid smh RT    lmaooo nahhh thats lame i wanna bust a nut on her knew weave doe confused  you? aww haha, I miss them  xx I can't see emojis but I can only imagine what they were! But I'm happy to be in school tho RT   that's good cause there's not much I can do about it :/ it's not as bad as my laugh tho RT  So Murray won't have to pay restitution. I don't care if he's broke, he deserved to spend the rest of his life paying MJ's children back. Sir! Re u angry at me??? going sunday morningg:) and oh god I haven't even started it yett  soooo boringg!!:// ahaa im am doing and its not working  xx I didn't mean to, my twitter is doing this Ask my dad for a bag of jellytots, and he comes home with nearly every single type of sweets except me jellytots All my hats seemed to have disappeared... wish u are with us tomorrow  good luck in Africa ! :) i wishh i was in the beachhhhhhhhh  again Aw no! D: RIP Etta James.  And on  birthday too. I know, it's depressing I'm sooo bored right now Sadly, I fear you are correct. It kind of turns me off to the whole idea of grand scale meets. does me dancing alone in my dorm count? RT  DON'T YOU REMEMBER? The REASON you loved ME before Why do I never pick up on anything Saaammaaa.. Ggrrhh flu-mampettt  RT  Arggghhh ga bs tdr itu ngeseliiiiinnnnnnn !!! i would do anything to get a tweet of oh!!! Aii :) sha will soon go! :* nd kk RT  RT  RT  RT  THIS SHIT NEEDS TO STOP!  &lt; :O &lt;  « hahaaa its sooo saadd!  i feel so bad for him ....my dad plays video games 3:55 Ugh. My private vps  has been down for at least two days and no response from support.   This really sucks.  My voice isn't working!! AHHH! I've lost my voice! Got a sore throat & no voice! GREAT!!! ahahh! Such blondies! I know invincible mobile! I miss school nothing at all! at home! waiting for lindseys slow ass to get back in to town My lovely flat in Camps Bay will be empty - awesome views of the beach and 12 Apostles! cheer up I so want one of those NOW!   ... no Vodka in. but I wasn't being sarcastic  you really are funny Jacob i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you &lt;3b Is stuffed still...watching #earthflight...David Tennant has a lovely voice, but not as awe inspiring as David Attenborough Acabo  ( live on RT    thumb now hates me :-( RT  yes, i do. very much. but you didn't save me today!!!! RT Jen Renaud  
 Don't you love your American fans too :-( ROTFLMAOOOOOO. Sad, I know. wah!!! #no #whereareyougoing?  not okay I wish my dads would stop fighting. I think they both look equally pretty in a tantour!  Gography exam didn't go great. #resit Ur secretly avoiding me :-( It's cool tho. Won't even bother telling u anymore you really just a negative Nancy lol Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 107 I DO miss our  :-( (But I'm never quite sure what planet I'm on) ;-) that's my house!! I get to shovel when I get home RUB my belly #ithurts RT  I have so much home work  and j have to submit it by midnight and I about 10 hours of work and im in a bad mood #losing Guess I'll start getting ready for work :-( I wanna hang out tonight :-(  i hate sitting in the house! Omg! I cannot wait to hear it! “   ik typ in google, staat Eminem miss dood in autocrash! =O” NO!?  Falen* Last updated 01/08/10 Poop is your SMH :p #rubbish lol you've potead!!  RT   SMH is your poop :p ION Heey Christine :) RT  Anybody out there know how to get rid of the error on our Wordpress based site?  Wordpress won't help us  Thanks! y not answer me?? ok.. U better come I wanna see that belly! And these are my last nights here  Rapping Nicki Manaj isn't fun without Caitlin  #SuperBass  that's pants  hope your all ok :) xxx  RT  me - weed = RT  I feel like I haven't talk to my girl all day No, scary :-( Come bak home     and  England misses you so much!!!!!  xxxxx i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you &lt;3v Affelopen I'm sad, you'll 've to make it up to me Oh. So you actually played them. -_- I... I'm behind. :-( :-( pizza? it has veg on? I think I'm afraid its "or something" so cold ...guess i have #strepthroat #waynotcool i quess   dont fuck wit a nigga no more Abi Aid Stress? :/ oh shit. Ah yes, yes he can! I really want to go back to vegas now RT  . says #sostenuto_fcvlc is a very interesting project but as many others it will be peripheral for policy agenda. :-( And DM'd no pics, even one. you missed me out! Oh lord I'm scared for what the doctor will say! so mean. talking to me cos no one likes you. People who are dressed in uggs and an adidas hoody  look at me like I'm a piece of dirt What a horrible day, two bodies found at the pier and then news that Martina passed away  Thoughts are with their families &lt;3 I soooo wanna go Fabric with  tonight to see  play boooooo :-( Oya let's go!!!!RT  That place naaa.  " See mad man oo! Where u wan ... I think that when I wake tomorrow, I will have a cold I just realized / remembered that Nikki hasn't called me back yet to schedule my hair cut and wax appointment. :-( please can u help to trend Believe tour to MOldova ? please ? he never was here  and here are to very much beliebers Or you're too jealous of the tweeter & their requited love withoooh  you can watch it online :D x x x I didn't even smoke  my hands smell like newports . Christian Serratos eating a really gooey peach pie, in leopard print... okay I'll stop now ouai My car can no longer handle Wisconsin winter. Lmfao u stupid smh RT    lmaooo nahhh thats lame i wanna bust a nut on her knew weave doe confused  you? aww haha, I miss them  xx I can't see emojis but I can only imagine what they were! But I'm happy to be in school tho RT   that's good cause there's not much I can do about it :/ it's not as bad as my laugh tho RT  So Murray won't have to pay restitution. I don't care if he's broke, he deserved to spend the rest of his life paying MJ's children back. Sir! Re u angry at me??? going sunday morningg:) and oh god I haven't even started it yett  soooo boringg!!:// ahaa im am doing and its not working  xx I didn't mean to, my twitter is doing this Ask my dad for a bag of jellytots, and he comes home with nearly every single type of sweets except me jellytots All my hats seemed to have disappeared... wish u are with us tomorrow  good luck in Africa ! :) i wishh i was in the beachhhhhhhhh  again Aw no! D: RIP Etta James.  And on  birthday too. I know, it's depressing I'm sooo bored right now Sadly, I fear you are correct. It kind of turns me off to the whole idea of grand scale meets. does me dancing alone in my dorm count? RT  DON'T YOU REMEMBER? The REASON you loved ME before Why do I never pick up on anything Saaammaaa.. Ggrrhh flu-mampettt  RT  Arggghhh ga bs tdr itu ngeseliiiiinnnnnnn !!! i would do anything to get a tweet of oh!!! Aii :) sha will soon go! :* nd kk RT  RT  RT  RT  THIS SHIT NEEDS TO STOP!  &lt; :O &lt;  « hahaaa its sooo saadd!  i feel so bad for him ....my dad plays video games 3:55 Ugh. My private vps  has been down for at least two days and no response from support.   This really sucks.  My voice isn't working!! AHHH! I've lost my voice! Got a sore throat & no voice! GREAT!!! ahahh! Such blondies! I know invincible mobile! I miss school nothing at all! at home! waiting for lindseys slow ass to get back in to town My lovely flat in Camps Bay will be empty - awesome views of the beach and 12 Apostles! cheer up I so want one of those NOW!   ... no Vodka in. but I wasn't being sarcastic  you really are funny Jacob i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you &lt;3b Is stuffed still...watching #earthflight...David Tennant has a lovely voice, but not as awe inspiring as David Attenborough Acabo  ( live on RT    thumb now hates me :-( RT  yes, i do. very much. but you didn't save me today!!!! RT Jen Renaud  
 Don't you love your American fans too :-( ROTFLMAOOOOOO. Sad, I know. wah!!! #no #whereareyougoing?  not okay I wish my dads would stop fighting. I think they both look equally pretty in a tantour!  Ur secretly avoiding me :-( It's cool tho. Won't even bother telling u anymore you really just a negative Nancy lol Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 107 I DO miss our  :-( (But I'm never quite sure what planet I'm on) ;-) that's my house!! I get to shovel when I get home RUB my belly #ithurts RT  I have so much home work  and j have to submit it by midnight and I about 10 hours of work and im in a bad mood #losing Guess I'll start getting ready for work :-( I wanna hang out tonight :-(  i hate sitting in the house! Omg! I cannot wait to hear it! “   ik typ in google, staat Eminem miss dood in autocrash! =O” NO!?  Falen* Last updated 01/08/10 Poop is your SMH :p #rubbish lol you've potead!!  RT   SMH is your poop :p ION Heey Christine :) RT  Anybody out there know how to get rid of the error on our Wordpress based site?  Wordpress won't help us  Thanks! y not answer me?? ok.. U better come I wanna see that belly! And these are my last nights here  Rapping Nicki Manaj isn't fun without Caitlin  #SuperBass  that's pants  hope your all ok :) xxx  RT  me - weed = RT  I feel like I haven't talk to my girl all day No, scary :-( Come bak home     and  England misses you so much!!!!!  xxxxx i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you &lt;3v Affelopen I'm sad, you'll 've to make it up to me Oh. So you actually played them. -_- I... I'm behind. :-( :-( pizza? it has veg on? I think I'm afraid its "or something" so cold ...guess i have #strepthroat #waynotcool i quess   dont fuck wit a nigga no more Abi Aid Stress? :/ oh shit. Ah yes, yes he can! I really want to go back to vegas now RT  . says #sostenuto_fcvlc is a very interesting project but as many others it will be peripheral for policy agenda. :-( And DM'd no pics, even one. you missed me out! Oh lord I'm scared for what the doctor will say! so mean. talking to me cos no one likes you. People who are dressed in uggs and an adidas hoody  look at me like I'm a piece of dirt What a horrible day, two bodies found at the pier and then news that Martina passed away  Thoughts are with their families &lt;3 I soooo wanna go Fabric with  tonight to see  play boooooo :-( Oya let's go!!!!RT  That place naaa.  " See mad man oo! Where u wan ... I think that when I wake tomorrow, I will have a cold I just realized / remembered that Nikki hasn't called me back yet to schedule my hair cut and wax appointment. :-( please can u help to trend Believe tour to MOldova ? please ? he never was here  and here are to very much beliebersI can't read the links from text messaging  we have soo much in common I miss the old days صدفه ثلاث مرات ههههه قوية why is buying bikes so addictive! Sad moment. Just found my Star Trek DVD with a love heart I drew around Zachary Quintos face...... years ago..before he came out wish I could be there I know I know....I'm sorry soninho Oh no! Shit don't do that i want some now Aw why? Ummmm damn its like dat reason y mi fraid a yuh  LOL!!! RT   lol had to turn off my network, shit crazy yo That´s good. Snow here again :-( awww  what's wrong?? i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you &lt;3666 sigh. my friend's card never got to me  apparently she included a $15 iTunes card &gt;.&lt; so irked. " Saaammaaa.. Ggrrhh flu-mampettt  RT  Arggghhh ga bs tdr itu ngeseliiiiinnnnnnn !!!" The rodes are shiz. Were gunna die... Arent we?  #ihatesnow #badwintermemories
RyaneBarakitten Standing all alone at lunch Geography exam didn't go to well today. #resit Someone come fake tan me please, can't do it by myself Washing the truck in the cold, not my favorite thing to do in the winter  Later Ben's basket ball game and out to eat with the family(: Hahaha ok :) Buy me Chinese food dude! Since your a dick She sucked it up on SNL  just sayin Mentally drained! #overit RT    Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 115 &lt;3? &lt;/3 Just finished my book  Idk if I'll make it, you know how my mom is The Most used smiley on twitter is I'm NOT Happy aww no :-( I didn't know u hadn't had one for so long,that's a shame xx I gotta find away to get on Twitter on March 1st, my baby turns 18.  That day I'm observing that day as Justin Bieber Day at school. Hee need to text me back , man It's been hours This train is full sha! I have to stand and my feet hurt Yeah not too bad!! I'm really poorly though  feel so fluey and shit! So deffo not getting onit! How are you? X I'm so tired and cold My Computer on 25 % wants to watch Voice of Germany ... unfollowed me IM ALWAYS THERE! YOU'RE THE ONE WHO DOESNT COME ON :-( “ Brittanie Over Soft Ass , Bitch Get Over Yourself LOL”  I RATHER BE SOFT THAN HARD After tonight's #Chuck episode next week will be the LAST episode ever Y is fried cheese so good?! miree maldita sea conectese oh no really  if it comes when you're still here shall we go for wine? I entered the london one but got rejected i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you &lt;344 awh well done. My hair is as short as yours if not shorter. ugghhhh. can everyone use those or is it some kind of class thing? when i played i don't think rogues could have pets...? A group of scumbags were gonna throw a slushie over me because I was wearing my man u jersey  then they started saying "go on city" o...k? Lack of food in my tummy = serious headache I always feel bad leaving my doggie Woke up to the worse news!!!!! I'm comin bootch! LOL shsh  i literally loled but no these ppl were custy and their smokes smelled so fuckn bad lmfao As long as Im still in dis house, I can't dload anyfin That was so cornyyy! :D & I keep forgetting. sorry  ay i needa do mine  when am i gonna see you? My Day Just Ruined ive also felt your pain  its not a good time . All that's missing is my boo boo But I gotta leave inna few mins , so I won't see the end really Salary review time + Project X is making for a very busy work life. No energy left follow me pleasee you will miss out  and we don't want that to happen please follow me I just wanna go home already ah thanks :) ah cool! I'm not too sure yet :/ as if I work at half 8  only until 12 though not too bad! X I didn't call you that . Did I ?
#howrude
#predictivetextmistake 
So sorry No! I am so thankful, but feel so horrible 4 the ppl who are suffering b/c of the fires  Thank u 4 thinking of me :) &hearts; i hope ... It is like kinda of hard Headache Aww i feel like im going to cry I will miss you all until February 8th!!! Class 4-7...extremly sleepy To all my tweethearts wanting to know how my mom is doing.- She is getting worse by the second.  The breast cancer doesnt seem to go away! All of my teeth are aching  #ihatebraces No  I has no money Why does the computer have to freeze up when I'm trying to finish up and go home :-( I agree.  I still miss the Tesco on Argyle Street (where TKM is now).    I hate  with a passion. haih 9aa7 mashay fel mshrif Devotion Time !!!! Bye Twitter! Awww, bless you honey *hugs* You can't be sick for tomorrow sweetheart  xxxx &lt;3 srsly milkybars are my fave but I didn't RT  My Brother LAUGHED At Me! Called Me A Baby! Haha What We Doing? RT  Yayyyy RT  Greeeeat No Work For Me [Sarcastically Speaking Of Course) owch that doesn't sound as good awww :...( RT I keep wanting to hit up  to tell her to meet me places and ish no more upnorth  about to macc. PLEASE SAY "EU TE AMO" MEANS I LOVE YOU IN BRAZIL... IT WOULD MAKE MY DAY, I LOVE YOU  n Everything hurts  hope I'm not coming down with something #wouldbejustmyluck That's good katrien, stooooooooooooop! i'm scared that i'm not gonna make it to college. I'm not smart at all  ♥ I think I just failed my Pre-cal test! Because of the graphing! FUCK..... breaded fish. meh :/  .. just finished doing my hair and make-up and all ready to go out.. and my friens are hanging out without me... I'm going to cry soon . Literally Lol....where u bn? :) RT  Shud I cc her on dis?  " I miss her" I'm not going to Drake concert unless I get floor seats and waiting on everybody, I got there too late. No concert for Tyrie Yes. You can be on camera, on audio or just chat in the box. It's fun. I know you're not coming.Your icon makes me hungry. But I can't have chocolate biscuits for the timebeing i did you a #ff  :-( :-( :-( yeah we shd no no ((( it's far lollll omggg about the tail  haha I didn't realize you texted me I hate coach phillips  grr Huh I don't feel good at all & I can't find no one to pick me up to bring me home #TEAMFOLLOWBACK I get no morning love RIP #EttaJames one of the most amazing singers in our time. This was truly a great loss. Omg i lookin a progam, actually little watching cuz its soo scarry! Ahaha :D Oh he's too beautiful!  *sighs* Baby girl is sad cuz she cnt go over daddy house :-( so to make her happy gonna take her to the movies n watch beauty n the beast or wutever how lush is he! Erin got me it off when she went to see them JUST GOT HOME? Where've you been? :o same same  I miss you like supeeer! Daig ko pa bilanggo dito Going to the grocery store...... So close but seems like a misison Worst Friday ever I'm sorry  I barely be in twitter RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  R-T if u followed! :)x did Niall locked you in gym? You have to be kidding me RT  And shivering is all that will take place!   I'm good dear.. ... YOU DIDNT CHANGE YOUR DP  CHANGE IT TO THIS MAYBE? Follow me RT  My whole body is sooo fucking sore aww look at u.. I was shocked too when I found out mighty was a zeta lol but girl I'm deployed  how u been doe imu we can't get that show here  BBC America gets a big leg hike...and a wee... Snow in NY starting tonght ???!!! WAAAACK ikno but istill do , lol , iaint even get ta mke it to tha hospitial OMG MR HILL IS HAVING/HAD A  BABY, WHY HAS NOONE TOLD ME THIS. hes the love of my life I don't wanna go back to Frostburg on Sat! Too short of a break. did you see em tonight without me ? when are you coming? Mom Said She Might Stay In Maryland Until NEXT Saturday.  nooooooo!!! i have some more in a couple of months too  but imma not think about them :L and some alright some not so good :L bought loads of food but all i want is chicken nuggets Not feeling to good today.... Sick of how they ignore me  
want to cry .. like, seriously, i can't cook and i'll end up eating crap if i don't make something decent c'maaan :-( When all of your plans go down the gutterrrrr Sending out huge best wishes to a special person in my life who's had an accident today! You will get better LCS, xxx oh dang I don't think I can go today  ... slitting my wrists at the moment  #takemeback #needatan dude I like need to go back  I miss it, every song I listen to reminds me of it! haha he'dd do only 4 concerts over here, and now its 3.. and that freakin festival -_- we're getting just more and more confused A whole week wifout my other half hahaha but the trucks aux likes to decide when it wants to work Flying back to Idaho today. Not what I had planned  My new boss seems to be dead set on being my babysitter. I hate him RT  Some people can’t sleep because they have insomnia. I can’t sleep because I have Internet. JUST GOT REALLY EXCITED THEN OT WAS A RANDOM BAND I'm generally chubby. #boyslovesomemeat?! No.  haha I'm sad b/c I'm about to take my lenses off and be half blind again I don't feel good RT  Thoughts & prayers for babies , parents & staff at Royal Victoria Hospital. Terrible time for all new mothers there yeah if my mum will let me, she thinks its disgusting i want cake, i have like the cake i want in my head but i really don't have the motivation to make it waaaaa  #chubbygirlsproblems if I wasn't so skint I'd be out tonight! Sick of staying in! Want to go out and do something i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you &lt;3=  RT  Brandon was one of the funniest most outgoing ppl I knew!!  I loved him. And miss him  R.I.P yes because it gives me a reason to drink :).... doesn't give me a day off though.  #needadayoff #needanightout Emily!!!!! It's been toooooo long, I miss you! RT  Thoughts & prayers for babies , parents & staff at Royal Victoria Hospital. Terrible time for all new mothers there Such an idiot, managed to properly burn two of my fingers on my left hand so much so there's now big blisters on them shit didn't even put me to sleep. I had cramps all damn day  my shit was hurtin it's 8pm and I haven't started getting ready for tonight!!  #whitegirlproblems Great to hear that, I hope he will race in IRC this season, I would love to meet him at Barum Rally - last year I didn't. :-( RT  I give my heart in exchange for bruises an bites :/ How do you constantly hit the one you love even when their froze in fear  Fml I know  its bad lol ;P whyyyy I wish man utd would come to dubaii &lt;3 , so i tried to call you lastnight , but it went straight to voicemail ..  i was at the hospitall .. what have i done now? exhausted but happy. Its been a great but tiring few days. I would ask you but I think I know the answer I don't want her to die, I only found out today Y isn't there a dislike button on instagram RT   &lt;&lt;sweater . Am on my way to wrk already . aw sorry, get well soon Shit... I don't like beer Aghhhhhh....that Menchies went tf innnn. That last bite was depressing af I won't be with you this time oh i hav emy exam on monday.  the 30th  RT  #RETWEET if you miss someone  o_0 Renee* I'm glad I saw this tweet as I was all set to drive to London from Birmingham. Bit disappointed though :-( HEY you didn't ask about mine But i have to wake up early.. have to go on a #chaapa visit to college omg really bad stomach cramp HAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA RT  So ecg if u make 1 plug work wat go hopen? Just one peh for my standn fan I bergg RIP. RT  Etta james my most abused word....."lol" I'm pretty good!! I'm sick though not feeling well Oh no! Apparently the Soni announcement is next week too. Zzz's with jazara .. I have a mean headache hey its Michael, i need you here as i am biting my fingers!!!! Ahh it hurtsOkay, so not jealous, just disappointed YOU'RE THE BEST! I'm on my way to Ohio sooo I won't be at practice  I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE MY COXSWAIN!!! :D Why they gotta show Carmona striking out Jeter and A-Rod though. Eeeeeek, I don't know if I can make it that better be soon i haven't seen you 'fools' in like year! I wish I was at a fucking beach right now...I get too happy thinking about summer and it's like 3 months away  wahhh 🐳🐚🌴🌾🌺🌸🐬☀ jesus christ firday again already  just me who's losing the concept of time?xx oh that's great!!
A mates popping over after dinner. Only one steak so couldn't really share it. Noo I am I feel like shit  haha this tweet is about something else in my living room cold as shit Replied its sad cos his album didnt chart that high either :-( Eeh bs 5al y5al9 arab idol:$ "  I'm too lazy to pick one up  you do" awww sowwy  theyre amazing...I understand lol Haaa"  RT  Kano blasts: A reporter with Channels TV in Kano, Enenche Okwumgu has been (cont) yeaaaah, hes beautiful seriously.  WHERE YOU BEEEEEN? me misse you annoying me/me annoying you  xx RT     I Love  You Girls :-* Keep Your Heads Up . Im Still In Shock Dude yes yes , team up on me good :) have the migraines gone yet? Can't find it haha All of a sadin everything became cahoes  allah karem 5ayo 2 petit followers c'est trop demandé ? I only have 2 months to find a prom date   #Yikes lmao shoot me RT  Liams uniform is uglyyyyyy annjkaganjhajkajgakmnjakkajhuakhgjaajngaaayja omggggg. Looks like the highlands one I miss my booo! yeah I'm sick  you should send some this way :p I've been living alone for 7 months now and I still tend to make enough food for two then get sad and overeat  #depressingtweets I hate getting shots. omg chemistry exam was actually impossible on wednesday!! even my teacher said it was ridiculous!...bring on the fail! RT  wish i was going to cali today awww  good luck I'm at work! ouch. My face and ears are so cold it hurts  I'm at the library until 4 or so :D If you have no shame then do as you please, but if you fear Allaah, then fear the fire, Fire whose fuel is men and stones!  Scarrryyyy Time to make this doctors appointment haha no I wish  you? wow my comment failed I missed today's BigFridayShow Fak allemaal shit thuis damn thank you  xxx wish you cared as much as i do is too far right now thank broski! I'm doing good! Your wittle Amy is now a wittle chipmunk with chubby checks RT  RFT  I forgot today was friday..I've been getting this whole week confused I hope my friend beats his case 2morrow :-( . If not he looking at 10-20 smh that shit crazy. My aunt flo came at a bad time...no fun for me this wknd The USB cord i keep at work for my iPhone broke. Now I need a new one.  #firstworldpains It's sad when u hate goin to work cause u don't like your work environment RT  Man tonight feels sooo weird with out my  !!!!! YES!! I was trying to find old movies last night but no sites lemmie watch them nooooooooooo! I'm off custard for life now, & I like it aswell  #sadsadsad I the when am hungry it gets me in this bad mood I'm sorry Hope It Goes Well Max and Soz I Cant Make It Having a very bad day at work! is hogging a good twitter name :-( Emergen-C & Airborne also work wonders! I hope you feel better ASAP! Seriously!! awww piss  good luck girrrrly yes RT  “ My LAS score for my lung transplant went from 77 to 41   #losinghope” NEVER lose hope! 🌹 i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you &lt;3.......... blake hates me I'm sorry baby  I just thought you'd like to know RIP Etta James. Doing a cover and posting it up today to honor her. I really loved her. Not wearing tights/stockings for the first time...it's so weird and my legs are so pale  #ilooklikeaghost #ifeelnaked RT  Im traumatized  RT  Hell nawl! LOL RT  Ben Vereen? RT  #NameThatGender jealous I have dance Hahahaha and killer is dead!! i missed my 6000th tweet Lmao! Switch C :D thanks baba miRT   niceeee 1!!  ur voice  is good I miss my boo though ahhhh man. i'm crusheddddd. RT  Someone just farted in class. It smells. Bad *adds to 'to do list* that extends into 2020…* That really sucks, download it later when you get a chance 'cause is really massive :D Oh no  Bless her. Not an accident at school...? Missing Lulu already since yu dont hev a public faycebuk yu cud follow me here on twittah. PRETTY PLEASE  xx So sorry, that stupid DM is not from me, my account was hacked, I have just changed my password! had a crap day :-( would love a tweet/dm/follow from you i love you xxxxxxx When my parents don't wanna give me money! Need a very very big hug from you I uploaded a  video  Minecraft Lets Play [4] I DIED! I miss you girls so much « Let the games begin #1800» :-( Picking out baby stuff is hard.  
#iwantgiraffes I miss you What just happened in Coronation Street, I missed it ohh ok thts nt fun. how very sad, she was a favourite of mine. :-( Sad to lose yet another wonderful woman this week to cancer. Stupid cancer. Also, no one is gonna want to be my friend soon. I wanna go home ....Wiiii me sientoOoOo malll ... I'm sure you have things we dont have :-( Xxx it's been 2 years &lt;/3 I miss it too!  'cutest ideas' :) So being pimps for the Thai in Spain is cute? OMG babe please follow me? U are my everything, thanks for all, Im Jadenator :) I would be happy? pleaseee  TE AMO shouldn't of been mean to me that hurt #ThingsICantStand being to sexy for my shirt. You're calling me Jacob  NOOOOOOoh no  i'm sorry about tonight pan i know hoe ! i wish i had your numberrrr !! haha ohwell :-( OMG babe please follow me? U are my everything, thanks for all, Im Jadenator :) I would be happy? pleaseee  TE AMO 3 Soo... not gonna pick up chem as a minor.. I can't use the chem classes I've already taken to fulfill the requirements.  no double dipping Mas o MU ainda tá fechado Cried so much   Thankyou for giving me the chance to work in your nurseries. I wish I could've stayed  forever grateful x RT  What a sad day for the CAPA kids RT   i'm jealous Out in the rain  fun :) waiting for tori :D I want a pussy so much if i do wud u stay?  7adeer. Borrrrrrring !! Can't wait until it's over !!  uhg & finals next week are going to be the death of me Sprint boys have no idea what's going on w/ aliens trying to contact me #fml guess I'll get used to blank messages from (unknown) at 7pm dwdw craving will be cured soon. i feel so ill make me better RT  I wish I got cute texts. I AM ONLY ONE IN 16 MILLION FOLLOWERS, IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO YOU NOTICE ME  I`m sad #iloveu! 25 I don't want to stop talking to you has high expectations of me RT   you said dreams came true... you had a little wrong... because.... You don't know that i exist! poor Abby  Is he not your favorite? ;) i feel so useless Who's hiring RT  do all you beliebers hate me? why haven't none of you followed  ?  #RT if u did. sir i want meet you i am from gujrat but how can i meet you i dont know can u someting do for me? i am little boy on ur blog :-( tumblr girls are the prettiest things Its FRIDAII and i have absolutely NO plans :-(  #fml OH NO! Eso si me afectaraaaa i know I'm reaching you here because you never reply to my text msgs. I feel like you don't like me anymore  ps you free Monday? i am :) RT  Why aren't yu following me..  :-( I should have studied to be a vet  #safarivertschool :-( :-( :) thts great . I try to dm u but I cnt I hope I don't go back to the days where I used to faint all the time for no reason no matter how much i pretend that im alright i am not going to be happy  i don't think i will be happy for a while :P #sadface Hiccups lol hey Don't you dare. -_- You might end up dying and it'll be my fault. Really Sad I need to see my father *hugs* RT  Me too  RT  Feeling down for no reason RT   upset cause i won't get to see Austin's austream tonight #thingsicantstand when its rainin & i aint got no cuddle buddy  #rugbyunited Can't get any European or 6nations games in Australia I was in a rush to get into work today and couldn't find me shoes....so I had to wear flip-flops  ~boomer "  #ThingsICantStand people that smell bad!!" #thingsicantstand  not followin me my Grampa will be remembered for passing on same day as Etta James. Sad day today :-( x Reallly hope this cough I gone over night  badly want to go to the game :/ Thanks! PS: I'd comment on your recap, but I don't watch that show.  :-( U don't want to watch it too quick anyway cos once it's over that's it :-( oh my gosh  I almost got 15 likes on Fb to do that shit smh lol Stranded at school   someone please save us haha My Heaad Huurt &gt;so mayb they'll attach a trailer with that 1, but mayb not, they'be only just started promoting "Gone" coming out end of Mar 2day I can't sorry ladies! Thanks Sarah! XO! MT  Lattes & mocha cheesecake  for BB's last day  I'm gonna miss you B!! I do not  i cant touch my eyes because it hurts  im going to fly over theren apoke you with a chop stick for being mean tweeting on my t.v hahah Lol.. wish i had a pic to show you guys there shit though  I was expecting horrific things and it was all bollox I need to get my eyebrows done  meh! agree with you!! I've been trying to let my hair grow for more than 5 years & it's just not happening! sounds like ur having fun out there without me?  *begins to cry softly* Aww  I'm sorry! It's hard to find some nice good friends to hang out with, I totally understand! I'll pray some nice people.. we are cool kids!! I KNOW OMG  I CANT WAIT!!! xx .. it's already making me sad too and i haven't even started revising for it (in june). M1 went so badly.. i was so upset. why you no notice me oq houve? I think god knows when I want to go out fml killin my plans My life'd be so much better when I don't have a left cheeck,ear and eye. Please no more Empty promises..... Please. Aw miss you too!! I've been around I just never get to see you Not looking foward to monday :-( hate them lucky! 0 down, 4 to go.. my butts going away sorta! I AM ONLY ONE IN 16 MILLION FOLLOWERS, IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO YOU NOTICE ME  I`m sad #iloveu! 24 Kiss me uuumm #TGIF and all but when do I get to see my #boyf #WHEREYOBOYFRANAT? OMG babe please follow me? U are my everything, thanks for all, Im Jadenator :) I would be happy? pleaseee  TE AMO 2 I'm so sad  I also do a commercial for it and she's not announced as a performer Not looking foward to monday :-( hate them might have to go to the er Freezing rain/sleet just started in Richmond...yuck! :-( ahahaha hope ų had fun cuz I didn't get up tomz and we go to school  Nite βя̶0 (: Les quedo mal  se divierten chicas. turns out noone will buy me a triad necklace for my birthday aww. so sad.  no one wants to do f4f. ://// [Like it?  ] Noo, one point? That's gay. :-( I hate it when that happens to me. its actually extremely annoying Yes, and Facebook. I miss his tweets. He tweeted me almost every day, but now never  But he's always so busy... had a crap day :-( would love a tweet/dm/follow from you i love you xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kidrauhl is Our Everything ! Te quiero Kidrauhl!  follow me please The craziest part is that he has been on my mind for the past couple of days... I hope he isn't charged with murder RT   Our Bus Broke Down .. Now We Stuck In Moultrie For Awhile ! #theworst “ there's not much space left on my iPod. let me start deleting stuff  #depressed” might give up your never ganna follow me  xxx OKAY FINE YOU CAUGHT ME I'M SORRY “ “ “  you didn't do mine ” you liked it?” ya  I'm that unnoticeable eh? ” my apologies Ahhhhhhhhhh yall suck butt  Lol everybody left lil ass Roanoke ha. Isnt Sarah down here where I am??I just hope everything is over oh no  i'm sorry about tonight pan i know hoe ! i wish i had your numberrrr !! haha ohwell :-( OMG babe please follow me? U are my everything, thanks for all, Im Jadenator :) I would be happy? pleaseee  TE AMO 3 Soo... not gonna pick up chem as a minor.. I can't use the chem classes I've already taken to fulfill the requirements.  no double dipping Mas o MU ainda tá fechado Cried so much   Thankyou for giving me the chance to work in your nurseries. I wish I could've stayed  forever grateful x RT  What a sad day for the CAPA kids RT   i'm jealous Out in the rain  fun :) waiting for tori :D I want a pussy so much if i do wud u stay?  7adeer. Borrrrrrring !! Can't wait until it's over !!  uhg & finals next week are going to be the death of me Sprint boys have no idea what's going on w/ aliens trying to contact me #fml guess I'll get used to blank messages from (unknown) at 7pm dwdw craving will be cured soon. i feel so ill make me better RT  I wish I got cute texts. I AM ONLY ONE IN 16 MILLION FOLLOWERS, IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO YOU NOTICE ME  I`m sad #iloveu! 25 I don't want to stop talking to you has high expectations of me RT   you said dreams came true... you had a little wrong... because.... You don't know that i exist! poor Abby  Is he not your favorite? ;) i feel so useless Who's hiring RT  do all you beliebers hate me? why haven't none of you followed  ?  #RT if u did. sir i want meet you i am from gujrat but how can i meet you i dont know can u someting do for me? i am little boy on ur blog :-( tumblr girls are the prettiest things Its FRIDAII and i have absolutely NO plans :-(  #fml OH NO! Eso si me afectaraaaa i know I'm reaching you here because you never reply to my text msgs. I feel like you don't like me anymore  ps you free Monday? i am :) RT  Why aren't yu following me..  :-( I should have studied to be a vet  #safarivertschool :-( :-( :) thts great . I try to dm u but I cnt I hope I don't go back to the days where I used to faint all the time for no reason no matter how much i pretend that im alright i am not going to be happy  i don't think i will be happy for a while :P #sadface Hiccups lol hey Don't you dare. -_- You might end up dying and it'll be my fault. Really Sad I need to see my father *hugs* RT  Me too  RT  Feeling down for no reason RT   upset cause i won't get to see Austin's austream tonight #thingsicantstand when its rainin & i aint got no cuddle buddy  #rugbyunited Can't get any European or 6nations games in Australia I was in a rush to get into work today and couldn't find me shoes....so I had to wear flip-flops  ~boomer "  #ThingsICantStand people that smell bad!!" #thingsicantstand  not followin me my Grampa will be remembered for passing on same day as Etta James. Sad day today :-( x Reallly hope this cough I gone over night  badly want to go to the game :/ Thanks! PS: I'd comment on your recap, but I don't watch that show.  :-( U don't want to watch it too quick anyway cos once it's over that's it :-( oh my gosh  I almost got 15 likes on Fb to do that shit smh lol Stranded at school   someone please save us haha My Heaad Huurt &gt;so mayb they'll attach a trailer with that 1, but mayb not, they'be only just started promoting "Gone" coming out end of Mar 2day I can't sorry ladies! Thanks Sarah! XO! MT  Lattes & mocha cheesecake  for BB's last day  I'm gonna miss you B!! I do not  i cant touch my eyes because it hurts  im going to fly over theren apoke you with a chop stick for being mean tweeting on my t.v hahah Lol.. wish i had a pic to show you guys there shit though  I was expecting horrific things and it was all bollox I need to get my eyebrows done  meh! agree with you!! I've been trying to let my hair grow for more than 5 years & it's just not happening! sounds like ur having fun out there without me?  *begins to cry softly* Aww  I'm sorry! It's hard to find some nice good friends to hang out with, I totally understand! I'll pray some nice people.. we are cool kids!! I KNOW OMG  I CANT WAIT!!! xx .. it's already making me sad too and i haven't even started revising for it (in june). M1 went so badly.. i was so upset. why you no notice me oq houve? I think god knows when I want to go out fml killin my plans My life'd be so much better when I don't have a left cheeck,ear and eye. Please no more Empty promises..... Please. Aw miss you too!! I've been around I just never get to see you Not looking foward to monday :-( hate them lucky! 0 down, 4 to go.. my butts going away sorta! I AM ONLY ONE IN 16 MILLION FOLLOWERS, IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO YOU NOTICE ME  I`m sad #iloveu! 24 Kiss me uuumm #TGIF and all but when do I get to see my #boyf #WHEREYOBOYFRANAT? OMG babe please follow me? U are my everything, thanks for all, Im Jadenator :) I would be happy? pleaseee  TE AMO 2 I'm so sad  I also do a commercial for it and she's not announced as a performer Not looking foward to monday :-( hate them might have to go to the er Freezing rain/sleet just started in Richmond...yuck! :-( ahahaha hope ų had fun cuz I didn't get up tomz and we go to school  Nite βя̶0 (: Les quedo mal  se divierten chicas. turns out noone will buy me a triad necklace for my birthday aww. so sad.  no one wants to do f4f. ://// [Like it?  ] Noo, one point? That's gay. :-( I hate it when that happens to me. its actually extremely annoying Yes, and Facebook. I miss his tweets. He tweeted me almost every day, but now never  But he's always so busy... had a crap day :-( would love a tweet/dm/follow from you i love you xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kidrauhl is Our Everything ! Te quiero Kidrauhl!  follow me please The craziest part is that he has been on my mind for the past couple of days... I hope he isn't charged with murder RT   Our Bus Broke Down .. Now We Stuck In Moultrie For Awhile ! #theworst “ there's not much space left on my iPod. let me start deleting stuff  #depressed” might give up your never ganna follow me  xxx OKAY FINE YOU CAUGHT ME I'M SORRY “ “ “  you didn't do mine ” you liked it?” ya  I'm that unnoticeable eh? ” my apologiesThis snow yea I went .  u missed alot awhh no way  i went and hopefully ill get to go believe too :D x you don't like it? mas pq? vc vai ficar mais longe... Really sad I'm missing out on this trip to ATL. Recovery sucks.  Bring back lots of stories!! lol I thought u was sleep....my coffee has not worn off  Aw  Watching #TVOH. My hero was there! well... maybe I should wait on the color then... I don't know... this is just so hard and so slow... I seem to follow more people than follow me lately RT  I want some chipotle I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2040 Great it's Friday night and i feel like I'm dying just  hope it's not the flu !!! Poor Ry : ( I'm trying to go to sleep for a good hour before the game . But I feel like I won't wake back up Reading Jamma & Vina texts....They make me wanna relationship man! I miss being taken twitlonger I couldn't be more worried right now, I just want things to go back to normal Don't want to get out of my bed  #stupidcheer I wish Pour la Victoire made size 5 shoes  #killerpumps that suxxx  cooking sounds fun, i make muffins today! I'm working   but it's Friday..so its all good :) They don't show enough of the moons in eastenders RT   Awww  thats sad .. Love ya Gillade "Justice" electro sound mer  fortfarande ok. men inte awesome som förut! oooh lucky you  aw I like it for other children just not family ;) xxxxx How could I have lost a ticket on the day of the show?! Oh ticket where did you gooooo please notice me ive been trying this for 2 years, and i see no results!  please make my day and follow me ♥  You knoww. I wanna move there Bills bills bills ugh will I have any money left for me to spend on MYSELF!  #adultlife Aw your so cute :-* RT  i miss you   get service booooo I no  x factor I don't think have a chance at winning this year. yes. Just got the email. But no Evan... :-( jajajaja i'm latin... Can u follow me i started to follow you when u had 258 followers! Sad Aaw that's rubbish guess im finna finish my homework i hope my car be back in commission by next week Missing my oops  totally right ahaaa okay, laaa 7aram ysawoon chedi, thats rude Urgh whole family ill now im getting ill, the amount of throat lozenges I've eaten must be unhealthy  #beingillsucks RT  Fuck me holidays are so expensive  I can finally relax now :). Oh wait, I have to make an exam review  It's all worth it at the end Rida, remember that. I hate stretching my ears  it hurts so fucking baaaaaad, oh well I'm at 2s now!! awwwh my poor Lizagna  I love you. Do you feel better? ohhh yummy /: sucks I can't bring you lunch babe I'll ask again, can i have a Foxy Hug when you come to Portugal? Please a reply, I've been trying for so many time night before my proper birthday night out and I'm ill  so thirsty, cold, achey, blah blah blah stomach virus NOOO!!!! i havent seen that!  ( live on RIP Etta James.  you were not just a wonderful singer, but a wonderful woman. oh man, everybody was sick today   Well feel better and thanks again for the birthday wish :) i love you so much and i've tried so hard for so long to try and get you to follow me  will today be the day? #NEVERSAYNEVER Ahhhhhhhhh!!! I can feel the craziness coming.  Watch out people. Ugh my headaches are back!! I'm sure she appreciates that. That blows, tho. OK :-(
Como Ta seu nome no orkut ? RT  I think god knows when I want to go out fml killin my plans I'm sad that #ettajames died. "at last" is one of my favorite songs  #rip  Wish I had someone to cuddle with #RIPEttaJames 1/25/1938 - 1/20/2012 Only five days from her birthday. Smh You will be missed 2% battery on my phone... This is depressing im with you on that where tf are you? I'm gonna miss my baby  on   -sigh-  but I have to hit the gym for that summer body ;) No only is the rumor of gaga opening and closing the Grammys false but I don't even think she's performing once  wtf im sad aww I apologise  you should get some ice cream that'll solve it :D ooo the tension ;) Noo  the boys are working so I've got no plans Noooo!! Im Not Going To School Tommorow!! Ugh im so boreddd sitting in the doctors office waiting to see if sarah broke her toe or foot or jammed one of the to... and im HUNGRY!!! Me too  I need to put on weight. RT   I wanna be 130 RT  RIP Etta James  What a legend...
At Last. Nothing like that beautiful song. une chanson = memories I see puppies here all the time and I jus wanna get him It won't let me log on to Facebook  #wtf I'm sorry puuud it is floating around ☹ RT  If  gave me her cold i know something! Ugghhhh my noise is stuffy! Me and  lost Jake today  lmfao Dee reposo i wish i knew how to get rid of this boner.. its been 5 fucking hours and it won't go away  i wish i didnt see that sea horse &lt;/3 Who deceivd u dt ur not a baby :pRT  Mehn ds catarrh nd cough is making me feel like a lil babyy #RIP ms etta james...and right before another birthday for you. RT  Ugh i miss my baby Lily Allen's clothes and hair in The Fear, too jealous graduation is already coming? damn that was to fast RT  Just heard Etta James died 
Raise a glass folks, that was one awesome voice. RIP Etta. x *Making tea* I've yet to get a Antique tea pot set either way, isla is amazing at dancing so yeah you just crushed me..... LOL omg! I hope mine haven't too! It would break my heart!! Ok will do Today was suppose to be a good day but its not its a bad day what network are you on ? Mines still not showing updates aw poop! Lol klint and I were like "oh!! If chy lives in ocon let's go there after winter warmer" but..you live in Oshkosh I kno, I feel mad at the world yeah  it was too last minute though. if i was rich i would have got on the next flight though! All i ever do is upset people  FUCK SAKE daft! It doesn't sound right in a southern accentThis snow yea I went .  u missed alot awhh no way  i went and hopefully ill get to go believe too :D x you don't like it? mas pq? vc vai ficar mais longe... Really sad I'm missing out on this trip to ATL. Recovery sucks.  Bring back lots of stories!! lol I thought u was sleep....my coffee has not worn off  Aw  Watching #TVOH. My hero was there! well... maybe I should wait on the color then... I don't know... this is just so hard and so slow... I seem to follow more people than follow me lately RT  I want some chipotle I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2040 Great it's Friday night and i feel like I'm dying just  hope it's not the flu !!! Poor Ry : ( I'm trying to go to sleep for a good hour before the game . But I feel like I won't wake back up Reading Jamma & Vina texts....They make me wanna relationship man! I miss being taken twitlonger I couldn't be more worried right now, I just want things to go back to normal Don't want to get out of my bed  #stupidcheer I wish Pour la Victoire made size 5 shoes  #killerpumps that suxxx  cooking sounds fun, i make muffins today! I'm working   but it's Friday..so its all good :) They don't show enough of the moons in eastenders RT   Awww  thats sad .. Love ya Gillade "Justice" electro sound mer  fortfarande ok. men inte awesome som förut! oooh lucky you  aw I like it for other children just not family ;) xxxxx How could I have lost a ticket on the day of the show?! Oh ticket where did you gooooo please notice me ive been trying this for 2 years, and i see no results!  please make my day and follow me ♥  You knoww. I wanna move there Bills bills bills ugh will I have any money left for me to spend on MYSELF!  #adultlife Aw your so cute :-* RT  i miss you   get service booooo I no  x factor I don't think have a chance at winning this year. yes. Just got the email. But no Evan... :-( jajajaja i'm latin... Can u follow me i started to follow you when u had 258 followers! Sad Aaw that's rubbish guess im finna finish my homework i hope my car be back in commission by next week Missing my oops  totally right ahaaa okay, laaa 7aram ysawoon chedi, thats rude Urgh whole family ill now im getting ill, the amount of throat lozenges I've eaten must be unhealthy  #beingillsucks RT  Fuck me holidays are so expensive  I can finally relax now :). Oh wait, I have to make an exam review  It's all worth it at the end Rida, remember that. I hate stretching my ears  it hurts so fucking baaaaaad, oh well I'm at 2s now!! awwwh my poor Lizagna  I love you. Do you feel better? ohhh yummy /: sucks I can't bring you lunch babe I'll ask again, can i have a Foxy Hug when you come to Portugal? Please a reply, I've been trying for so many time night before my proper birthday night out and I'm ill  so thirsty, cold, achey, blah blah blah stomach virus NOOO!!!! i havent seen that!  ( live on RIP Etta James.  you were not just a wonderful singer, but a wonderful woman. oh man, everybody was sick today   Well feel better and thanks again for the birthday wish :) i love you so much and i've tried so hard for so long to try and get you to follow me  will today be the day? #NEVERSAYNEVER Ahhhhhhhhh!!! I can feel the craziness coming.  Watch out people. Ugh my headaches are back!! I'm sure she appreciates that. That blows, tho. OK :-(
Como Ta seu nome no orkut ? RT  I think god knows when I want to go out fml killin my plans I'm sad that #ettajames died. "at last" is one of my favorite songs  #rip  Wish I had someone to cuddle with #RIPEttaJames 1/25/1938 - 1/20/2012 Only five days from her birthday. Smh You will be missed 2% battery on my phone... This is depressing im with you on that where tf are you? I'm gonna miss my baby  on   -sigh-  but I have to hit the gym for that summer body ;) No only is the rumor of gaga opening and closing the Grammys false but I don't even think she's performing once  wtf im sad aww I apologise  you should get some ice cream that'll solve it :D ooo the tension ;) Noo  the boys are working so I've got no plans Ugh im so boreddd sitting in the doctors office waiting to see if sarah broke her toe or foot or jammed one of the to... and im HUNGRY!!! Me too  I need to put on weight. RT   I wanna be 130 RT  RIP Etta James  What a legend...
At Last. Nothing like that beautiful song. une chanson = memories I see puppies here all the time and I jus wanna get him It won't let me log on to Facebook  #wtf I'm sorry puuud it is floating around ☹ RT  If  gave me her cold i know something! Ugghhhh my noise is stuffy! Me and  lost Jake today  lmfao Dee reposo i wish i knew how to get rid of this boner.. its been 5 fucking hours and it won't go away  i wish i didnt see that sea horse &lt;/3 Who deceivd u dt ur not a baby :pRT  Mehn ds catarrh nd cough is making me feel like a lil babyy #RIP ms etta james...and right before another birthday for you. RT  Ugh i miss my baby Lily Allen's clothes and hair in The Fear, too jealous graduation is already coming? damn that was to fast RT  Just heard Etta James died 
Raise a glass folks, that was one awesome voice. RIP Etta. x *Making tea* I've yet to get a Antique tea pot set either way, isla is amazing at dancing so yeah you just crushed me..... LOL omg! I hope mine haven't too! It would break my heart!! Ok will do Today was suppose to be a good day but its not its a bad day what network are you on ? Mines still not showing updates aw poop! Lol klint and I were like "oh!! If chy lives in ocon let's go there after winter warmer" but..you live in Oshkosh I kno, I feel mad at the world yeah  it was too last minute though. if i was rich i would have got on the next flight though! All i ever do is upset people  FUCK SAKE daft! It doesn't sound right in a southern accent Idk if it was carnival but still" R.I.P Etta James. I will be playing your song at our wedding." Etta James died??? I wished you luck aswell so I expect some of the credit too #oomf ain't talk to me in two days I already miss you! " Beyonce speaks about the lost of the Eternally Great Etta James  So beautiful. :-( x ugh at school but going home in about an hour and a half then at 5 i hae a eye doctor appointment Looks like I'm catching the train by myself 2mrw Jadenators we should have like a TC party soon with  :) Btw I ALWAYS miss him on cam “ We havin movie nite!” I need cargos for later Headache Half an hour n coop is done forever so you are I hope so, because I really miss you. U don't have idea how.  love you ahh, great ;) we're loosing For some odd reason I really miss my bestfriend  today  Gonna watch Sherlock 'The reichenbach fall' again. I may cry again There is error while adding - I see what you're getting at, but it will always be blind  but yes, the wounds will heal ;D RT  Just realized that Damon's been hurt/ beaten up/ punched/ stabbed in almost every episode this Season! #NeedsToStop :-( i know. clearly itll take me an hour to get there. cause this weather. but i wanna legit chill. Not getting drunk  staying in and being shit instead #iomisshit Suppose to b raining all weekend  atleast i will sleep good *shrugs** wow R.I.P. Etta James :'(bout to throw on Avicii Levels and Kanye's Addictions before I leave me crib Oh yuck, truly must be disturbed This has me written all over it  WHERE ARE THE GOOD GUYS!?!?! RT  As if Etta James, the original singer of Something's Got A Hold Of Me, has died?  maybe she heard Avicii and it pushed her over the edge. Now I'm bored again! My birthday dress doesn't look nice at all  need to find a new dress!!! Johann Hari's left the Independent  such a good journalist, regardless of what he did. Hope the book is good + soon! &lt;/3 my bed needs me right now The phone yin is kinda true but, would love anyone who would give me a phone for a month cause mines is broke, as minky as that sounds i miss my best friend  veryyy veryyy much. ugh so confusing yesss i leave sunday  i will see you soon yay!! xoxo I wish!  I have this little guy. But he lives with my sister now my tummy hurts Oh! I am.  I knew that she was sick though. &lt;3 lls you know it , bitch i been laying in the bed all day  im mad cause i wanna come * folds my arms and roll my eyes * :-) happy to hear they were able to help, but sorry to loose you :-( enjoy your weekend! My poor nose is leaking too much... Wanna drink tonight but i have practice tomorrow Aww! &lt;3 I have a busy weekend! Danceclass,shopping,birthday party & homework!  You? &lt;3 you never call me How do you install skype? Need help... :-( its like a sandwich without butter...dry  
Miss said that we could to send it to her over the weekend btw Wheres my Jake Ryan Wanna dip out 2nite but I need to rest health 1st doe I need a hug RT  Possibly.RT  Are you dizzy child???RT  Hennessy&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; JD&gt;&gt; in this library about to pass out...im exhausted & still have one more class "  helloooooooo im good thank you :) how r u?" Goof good yes am gr8 hope I get 2 c u soon miss u  xx ....... Omg my voice! Etta james passed away today also send me a picture of the stage:) Ahh i'm so jealous of you! dm me yours. Apparently i cant send DMs today actually getting really upset at the thought that i might have a massive ugly scar on my hand forever Ddarn It I Knew You Were Gone ... Just Ain't Wanna Believe It ... And I Never Gos My Cookies ... But Idw No Mores :-( Bad day   One of my best friends was hit by a bus.
I was very scared about her. But everything is fine. She was lucky. OMG I know its so creepy , I liked dolphins  hahaha i don't know I hope not not me right ??? Fuuuck. Its only 3:05 I miss Samia.  I feel like I haven't seen her all week. Oh wait, I haven't. wallah it really is :-( Refreshed my page & now I have the new Twitter why is it so hard to find a job No luck on finding another job i gave you my number first dove just told me  ill miss you here! Oo yay Friday ! 2 bad I'm working oh  I knew it was something!!!!! Stomach cramp again.   #Roseyrosey No es justo, viene the kooks, arctic monkeys, roger water y además el vivelatino, cómo esperan que pague todo eso?! my poor Johnny  #GH ... My friends actually went to the bother of carving the word "GINGE" into a pumpkin when it happened :| not fun " #Mentionto شخص مشتاقله" I am trying to be shareef these days  You Shaitan It would rain whn I wanna go to this casting call :-( + I hav no haircut #FML im missing out Anyone know how to stop HTML5 Audio preloading in IE? Trying to use JPlayer and preload: "none" doesn't work :-( Thanks  #HTML5 #JPlayer I think mine is too i dont know anyone in my classes an there boring aww haha, you can tell you're hopes cousin :') well long story short a very close friend of mine has really upset me  xx sorry to near that What the hell! Can't find my #Blistex or #Carmex! I pray that it's at home Over thinking thing sucks  #sadtweet Whyyyyyyyyy Por que no le diste me gusta al post que te hice en fb? i hope u notice me nd follow me theres just so many fans out there u probly wont even notice me  i love you &lt;39 yeah  when I was a young warthogggggg 7beeby alshai5 sl6an  allah y9abrhm #TheAwkwardMoment when u go topshop and   isn't working today For sho... Maybe next time   Be Good or be Good at it! but you know I don't get no alert when people follow me. #FoodStamps why don	't I have you!!!! like 2 more hours  #killmenow Awww afia  #eastenders Wow what a steak gambled on only cooking it 2 mins each side then under the grill. Shame I could only have it with steamed vegThat's who I thought you meant. I always forget that he died. So sad  He was a nice guy, I always liked him I need twitter friends guttered that Med1 is fully booked for tomorrow night Sri Lanka tearing us apart :-( #SunfoilODIseries #PureProteas RT  Me 2  RT  I miss goa. I miss Shivavalley n curlies I'm sorry. I got make up classes today Why is this snow coming down like this  well at least I'm at work all day so I don't have to shovel (: I'm afraid you need the Lion OS - even my 3 yr old laptop can't do it without an OS upgrade, I'm afraid the eMac won't work just the thought makes me week No te puedo chatear i don't have a spoon to eat my kiwis with... #firstworldproblems pleas follow mé Justin! :-( 
It will be so cool if you Will follow mé! :-( just pushed me onto the floor :-( u don't love me fareal RT  I missed my 6666th tweet says wine is a no no after gym :-( I'm gonna save it for tomorrow After you life me  RT  bouta go get What to do? get them back on the first &lt;3 and I no its cos Iv not had any  sowwe xxx i guess she just has too many fans lol secretly shes done me proud :) bt still dno if she duin nfin backstage  lme no ifu hear x I hope this headache goes away so I can see Morgan later.  If it doesn't go away I'm going to be fucking pissed. a couple of weeks is to many weeks long wishing you were here wish I was there! 1st day back to work and I'm ready for another vacay! Been signing paperwork for the past 4hrs! everything's coming out like shhht I didn't know!!!  Oh how could I have missed this?!?! Twitters whack ! yeah! She's bringing work back to do also! Yeah choosing necklaces & hairbands now lol. Oh not wearing red already! that makes me sad Yea yo dancehall a get boring  RT  I miss Kartel!  #Worl'Boss yes m&s :) aha ohhhhh  dat sucks, patience is a virtue my friend :) Goodluck to my twitter hubby/twin  (: tonight against pa , he gone do some big things ! Wish I could be there don't think I'll get any tonight, he's still working. Won't see him till about 11 need to talk to you a little homesick today...missing my crazy drunk family and friends omg really or ffs  that's life x ah noooo! Not fun. I have work to do too tbf  Yeah I'm good are youu? Need to see your face soon! babes I deleted my booking reference!!! Yay 65 in my math test . Smh No  I'll look! But we can just get super cheap tickets. No seats are bad anyways. Haha Hi all.  So I come home this afternoon to find out that Sparky was put down this morning. i need jessi to be here to help me decorate and organize my jewlery. : ( Why you gatta lock the door?!?!?!?!? I didn't eem do anything!! #thatawkwardmoment when you stalk your ex and find out he/she replaced you in a day...  #foreveralone I been feeling sick allll dayy i can live with that, bahahaha ill be there tonight, tomorrow, sunday, monday, and tuesday maybe in Southern MD, but up here they're calling for 1-2" of snow, w/an add'l inch of ice on top of that, ending by 9 or 10am I reallllly am wahhhhh I forgot my clicker today  I hate clickers! Lol I always forget it. Aw, I miss watching Merlin.  TWITTER'S MERLIN FANS KEEP ME GOING THOUGH. ;) awesome baby I don't like shooting games but they are fun they give me nighmares... I'm so lazy and sleepy  I want gold fishies aha I like my Mazda better than the new ones! I just wish mine came with the 40 mpg. Wanna search something!! #iAmHungry  [Like it?  ]  I think if there were that many around this event might not be necessary. It's definitely going to be a #speeddate Be strong anip :) " Hmm i wont. thanks  RT  Please don't cry pretty" Thanks for all the #ff I've received today, slept for 3 1/2 hours this afternoon, don't feel much better, sorry for not sending any cus i moved to gaithersburg so im boutta go to magruder high or gaithersburg high  No phone until next week. i seen #somf today :) its not the same since i don't see them like that anymore any brazilian salon you go to anyy of em! my brazilian lady left to brazil :/  recently bitchhhhhh not suprised :p.depressed about c3 Nigeria is not 'safety' enough. awe RT  RT  Nahh Olu is a comedian. &lt; LOL i wish مي تو  

كنت بقرطبة وتذكرتج :) Had such a crappy day! Get me home and crack open that bottle top of corona .. need to chilllllllll isn't that the one we were doing at lunch though? #confused Guessin a diet is in order. can't do them though  why does food punish us? i just dont get it I had the worst dream ever last night. I hope it doesnt come true.. Woke up like a drunk n I don't even drink! Still feel dizzy though...not a happy gal RT   you said dreams came true... you had a little wrong... because.... You don't know that i exist! Mani/pedi :) I totally forgot my headphones  missing #TATW #sadforever By any chance, has anyone seen my name tag? , head hurts so freakin bad I just want to be rubbed down :) Red jawab nahin de rahe.ignore kar rahe hain Arrgghhhh!!! Got a blister on my foot  #bigbaby RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much Eh... idk. I don't have a link to the story, sorry. YePp  RT  Lemmie guess braids..??RT S0o_Kelzie: & I'm still not done with my hair Letter box for the 3DS is good fun, but it needs more colours, pen widths and colours. I keep running out of ink on my doodles too. I don't think so RT nou... RT  The worst feeling ever is when someone says: "Justin doesn't care about you. He doesn't know you exist. And you'll never meet him." I know she was a great singer!! Soo sad RT  No work tonight? I hope so. I don't wanna drive I think  hates me RIP Etta James  May your soul rest in peace. You were excellent in #CBB, gutted you got evicted  you're proper gorgeous too hun xx This makes me soooo sad!!  Wishing you well! RT  Huge GH News! Now I can't seem to go back to sleep I miss you walla i wish u were here ! I know  it was worse then ever today I'm not at home  can you!?!?!?!! I was supposed to go tomorrow to see   #snow RT  Who wants to drive to Saginaw with me?Just had food, still hungry Oh... Well yea that sucks lol RT   yea, but I work tomorrow too haha! Yessss  come get a pizzaaa?!  x Didn't See You yeah, I feel like shit! &gt;  but awee, feel better! :) is she still there? whyd you all stop tweeting at me Sadly, we won't get to see  or  
They will be missed Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 117 Alarm set 6 45 am on a sat...shouldnt be happening Head hurts and I bet he won't be wearing gloves I'm bored & sad cheer me up Mom and Dad, I'm so sorry  I didn't mean to do it :'( RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much wish i could party like a porn star sha I failed.. all i wanna no is wear i can get a bbk t-shirt Where Is  Faze??? He Aint Tweeted For A Few Days :O  xxx So here we go again you are totally right  recupero tempo questo WE! Ughh my stomach real hurt rite about nww ! RT  DREADING sunday... I DONT WANNA GO BACK TO SCHOOL  ughhh Feel like I'm betraying you but all I'm doing is not telling you something cos I'm afraid of the consequences honestly 10 ppl tweeted about the hats...miss you You know its bad when you start crying nope not at all! :-( I need my waves back : ( No love for u*RT  Love me Love me Love me “ How may I help you?*RT   “ I caught ur sub. Ode oshi. Ya' know.. He came to talk to me and OF COURSE I have to act shy! I did miss thiss boy , until I seeenn his facee and he reminded me why we never made it to a relationship ! Oh right. I'm 5 hours away from London.  Ehm when the twins come down to the UK, you should go look for them haha. &lt;3 Dem ones when your BFF doesn't holla at you for them live chats anymore *coughhh* ict  have to 15 hours this weekend :O help? could do with your brain.. ;) Picking my brother up now smh Im so hungry Im suppose to be eating lunch right now I want a giant warbot. RT   RT  Kano Bomb Blasts: Channels TV Correspondent In Kano Reportedly Killed.“Deyv strtd again?? New House of Payne tonight...def..ly a must see, I hope  dont die protected her tweets -_- :/ Finished the hunger games but my mom has the second book.  #wahhh #obsessed #ThingsICantStand why he leave me ? ur mini snicker bugz wont let me eat nothing :-( lol i want to Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 116 I know! it sucks  I want to watch it RT  Twitter has no meaning when no one talks to you . so with me Watching your money disappear has to be one of the worst feelings in the world. Actually wish I could go to sleep and not wake up.. Until the next millennium... Why does life have to be do harsh?! It was a good time but no Frank Ocean i better not feel to sick tonight I shud be there to give u one So stressed out. :-( RT  So scared just me and my 5yrs old sister in dis big house...wonder hw I will sleep 2nyt... My foot's asleep : ( Every dream I have had so far haven't came true. I usually never say never but I'm about to. K woah my tummy really hurts I'm so impatient haha RT  God help d pple at kano RT  Need to get my nails done so bad now you left me I missed you!  : ( want to go back to bulgariaaaaaaaa i don't know how to work tumblr My baby geeting shots :-( whhhhy Every time I see it snowing outside I want to cry  #sadtweet Orange room just pissed me off! Wahhhh imma miss you  👋💗😘 let me know how it goes! sorry  *hugs gently instead of glomping* I'm glad it's a recovery of some kind, at least, even if it is slow thanks :) But  will never notice me trust me my luck stinks diantre shama sopla you are flash girl llego la luz ahora mismito i go to the clean RT  Headache-&gt;SoreThroat-&gt;EarPain  Today is nt just my dy! :'( Sorry!  Watching Cupcake Wars makes me want a cupcake I called  ass. She ain't answer!  i know, getting so old  gotta start looking at some pension plans and retirement communities #BingoAnyone? The moment when you spill sprite on your computer and run to get a towel and trip over a box and cut your foot I just wanna seee him Aww, went to visit Scout's grave (buried between two pines). I told him I missed him and really cried for the first time since he died. Wow Etta James died I cant believe it Haha it was really good.. I didn't want to come backk months ago I'd say, I have a 'crying' dog in the house  they've gone to pick  up from work The MiB cartoon went from 1997-2001. It used very detailed art of the NYC area, including the WTC  :-( Filled in survey last night and got free chocolates delivered today for my trouble...bribery gets you everywhere, however its fattening :-( lost the only thing that ment anything now I'm here without anything .. I just want you back...#ripbap #11months RT  Kano bomb blasts: Channels TV Correspondent In Kano Reportedly Killed. I want  to come but she already have me a "fuck no" on that think im actually going to cry!  is sold out for Newcastle  !!! I need a real BIG HUG rite now  feel'N a little lonely today...smh single life can sumtimes suck!!! But oh well its less of a headache! Damn just remembered I have work tomorrow its effin friday an im at ferrum.. : ( lmaooo but laffy taffys are my favorite I never wanted to be like her  RT  Fake ass JLO RT  Coon RT (cont) Dad sssshhhhhh I want to watch Eastenders RT  Y u sad? U aint part tho? RT   RT  Girls with fewer followers on ... (cont) wish i was going to the boro match tomorrow! it did but I have 77 unread still.   soon! So sad for the Yarn Trainers!  RT  Amtrak Cascades train service btwn Sea/PDX suspended due to severe weather issues. RT  beyond bored, someone bring me brownies and lucozade and spoon me. I can't bear being boring any longerrr cheers pal I'm really gonna miss you toourghhhh ure not the only one that didn't get it :-( see u sun Hun xx plis drake como to MEXICO!! we miss you don't get off work til 430 hello poof juice, stomach is too dodgy to be drinking vodka tonight :-( but but but...i like this tv show!  i guess youll never have the chance to watch it with me then! #yourloss Some ladies are just too hot, They really don't know what they are doing to us poor men  xxxxxxxxxx Huhhh the game saturday done been canceled  that was gone be my last game before ileft ( Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 122 i,ve got a sick headache poor me LOL I need help man  what you doinggg westlife wil be amazing, i grown up watching them. i cant go tho  xx #HoeishTendencies RT  #MindYourBusiness RT  Alot of hoes don't know they are hoes!  #PrayForThem can you help me trend #BelieveTourWORLDWIDE ?? im trying to trend it but no one is helping me omg I love that picture(: ahhhh and I miss my red hair  you looked so different with blonde hair! Nah, they weren't game at all! and yeah i know Who wants to come over and tan with me?! Nobody I've shrunk my toms in the wash fml RT  May Allah continue to protect us and our families! I can't lie to myself any longer. So I'm currently freezing my lil tushie off I can't watch  RT  2 sixes in a row? What rubbish is this?!! *smh* me too  growing up is really really hard to do RT  I hate growing up. I feel all gross  I'm gonna go home and take a hot shower Been up and going since 6. School and a full day of work. What a long day!!  Ready for the weekend. She's being pulled out pf school?  where is she going? Yeah man very serious, it's all over the BC news. i know!  hahahaha Need parts for the vee so bad I'm really excited for #BELIEVE ♥ Please, please, notice me  I know I'm just one fan in 16 millions but I never lose hope :) Oh,, so sad to hear that  don't worry, I will try to inform you with the latest! why would it matter to you ! You never fwm "At last, my love has come along. My lonely days are over, And life is like a song." RIP, Etta. THEY DO! They are usually just really expensive, I think I've been dying to see it again since TIFF Bae , prolly not gonna call till later tonight.  lol Pleasee follow me? Been trying for ages  ❤ 5 really?! :-( nope  its mine I know yeah I love bakers! Smh I'm sad thats true he is ditching the best game of the season under the dryer she's like my listening buddy  she gets my slightly odd Scottish references! :P Thank god!!! Some1 mus have given them the head's up u were comin boo!!! Let me kno wat's wat's wen u kno K??? Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 121 I miss you! Going to take an hour nap. I'm feeling a little bit off my game today. thx 4 following I kinda just wanna sleep all day. Not work pooor dakota he has a skin infection RT  Watching your money disappear has to be one of the worst feelings in the world. I need the actual book. Thanks tho! Lol. Why u sad thou? RT  Nkay!!  typo, "bred" RT  RT if you were born and breed in the ... One unhappy cat I wish you could have stayed longer. The states will miss you RIP Seriously, i got in trouble follow me !? Ack! Welp , off to work i'm great thanks! Missed youu. Been so busy.& no internet  what u been up 2? feeling sorry for hiself tonight  poor #BABE yo a girl in my class got an email from George brown saying they don't accept prehealth  did you apply there? I did Well, I'm on a bus again. Might go straight to bed when I get to Hayden's. I am a grumpy sausage tonight RT  Lemme call #oomf. // too bad not me I know  I'm lonely as well.. I come cuddle before work most likely &lt;3 nooooooo  why Need money aaww man  give her a kiss for me n tell her I said hope she feels better soon! I'm definitely gonna start crying if I don't get it off  xx We miss summer  Do you vacation much between January and March? ahh! I wish I remember I haven't seen or talked to #oomf all day : ( Too far I'm in whiteplains Stomach feels like it's doing backflips... Can't breath right. I hate being sick thank you :) and ill  *cough cough* Called MTV about our tv show and they aren't taking show ideas at the time Anthony hirió mis sentimiento why is your hair hard to draw  xx its hot, what do u do with your soup Bizarre. I could have sworn I just saw a political ad on goodreads... I did!  :-( RT  Some people can’t sleep because they have insomnia. I can’t sleep because I have Internet. - this is boring So in love with my phone without a case yess we doo .....does this mean were not friends So annoyed that  is closing down ShoeDazzle UK...not impressed :-( Who would've thought u could cry this much over a dogs passing  this is so difficult! lol cant  im goin out me neither Pleasee follow me? Been trying for ages  ❤ 4 did u send Gary a cover of the song? Hope ur ok babe u do t text me anymore :-( #bestsisterever! Shanice told me she will call me but I lost my voice  Dang #GabbyProbz i hope her ride says yesss HEY. THAT'S RUDE I ended up in a dead zone.  back now! Its not that kind of oh  ...it was an excited one one of my all time favorites. Her voice just melts my heart RT  #rip Etta James ... A music icon and a true star CBB not the same without you  miss you Georgia! Isn't there a warranty you can use to get free new ones?hahaha! No  heart shaped flapjack! You little bitch. Na so I fit use ur Bbm pic   RT  Shit man need to keep my tweets pg 13, family members are follwing grrrr I.want to.talk to you but i dont want to.waste your time that's why I chose ICT haha.. Everyone says Maths is really hard? Why is Psychology hard? If only you tweeted me...  x hey  your website seems to be down thanks, lady. So over it now. Just want it to stop u dnt want to accept me as ur in law All I did was wash dishes  RT  are amazing. #teamWork RT  I want to take all of your hurt away from you. RT   we missss you goooooood! I work tomorrow and Sunday too :). I guess you went home? Having a blast today. Even if E.T. did not say my name awe  I am sorry whoever u are speaking of... She is missing out ! RT  That's braids for u! 2nd day neh?RT S0o_Kelzie: & I'm still not done with my hair Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 127 can't today have a meeting FF? HAHAHHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHHA oh my fuck, I feel so bad didnt even know girl , sorry On my way to the airport :-( And I think it's making me sick again! :-( WTF!!!!!! How did you get such a high score not all of us Awww!  THANK YOU x Days like this make me miss Lucky :-( انا اكثثثثثر Watch me get no mentions did you hear that? That was the sound of my heart breaking..  lol My mum has the same birthday as Harry &lt;/3 Aww, i'd help you to get noticed, but I can't be noticed too K I can't do my FFs! Sorry guys  I really can't stay here right now! Have a great day/night y'all ^.^ not impresssed with my sims disc not working I Miss   Wish He Was Here To Go To The Playground... you okay?? why you not here what happens if I say yes? Lol you hold me accountable to that too. It can be hard to hold that standard when you feeling lonely or some you know? RT   :-( I'm too poorly to even be aroused by this news, though I will keep my fingers crossed 4 a photo  underneath said duvet I'm gonna miss you too  have fun &lt;3 I can`t wait to get my new phone ,My iphone is beat .I had to super glue the volume button and can not take screen shots anymore Will someone please eat the HUGE tub of chocolate that I have left over from Christmas for me?? oh god, today really isn't my day.. Just fell over in the middle of the street... Friday the 13th was last week not today damn! People at the off all ok I hope? So annoyed my footballs off again hey JONAS NEW ALBUM please we need.  The Jonas Brothers Never Gone ! ♥ CantWaitForNewJonasAlbum ! :) we love !!! hey sweet howzz u ?? been age swe talk ..  hope u gud there :) Isent it funny how somewhere still feels like home after all this time Ughh. My face is breaking out bad It must have been such a shock for you Its All Brandon's Fault We Can't Go  .. He Got Mommy Sick . MEL Is SUCH A JERK!!! I know. I'm so sad. Looked at his ring finger...wedding band still there  he's so sexy, but his last name is unpronouncable Yall mean : (   *ok ill shut up!!  RT  Hell Yea RT   girl im finna block yo ass lol aha I will do around 12 babe am back off my break  xxxx RT  Mental --__--" Until they BOMB Twitter abi  " * shift sir there isnt any on see tickets when you go to buy them it says not available Poor etta James... :-( thank you for all the beautiful music xx I've sent a lot ( RT   i've sent 2 messages to you but nones sent yet  ♥ Omg , Noooo,!!!!!  Im bouta be sooo upset dobby's death = saddest thing ever I miss my besties toooo much today I wanna go home i was distraught at Ronnie's exit  i like all the players that are left, but think Trump will go the distance :) on a right downer to night When you play #skyrim and kill everybody so cannot do anything...time to restart #fail I played it first and you stopped of halfway I mean. Gahhhhhhhh shadnessss. RT  So ecg if u make 1 plug work wat go hopen? Just one peh for my standn fan I bergg Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 126 what a great morning i had ... popped a blood vessel and passed out at practice  feeling a lot better now though! yes I did faity  I'm on my way to columbusss right now #Missing #playing #cricket #nandos to full,  #chiquitos here we come! ah someone beat you!! Just got sad real quick Another great legend has passed away, #Rip Etta James &lt;3 :-( I'm sorry  I said that this morning . I was like I'm sorry if I didn't say thank u yesterday! Thank u Josh! #TeamJosh 4eva lol Feel so lightheaded and dizzy now  #scared I didn't realize he was away! Not sure what time 2nite J will b home..Hes in Hopewell Junction now& has 1 more after that.. I'm such a punk Eric stayed in there with him :-( Damn exams { i have exam tomorro } & im bored now Bored  ..... Listen To Pandora , Eaitin To Be Invited SomeWhere !! Bonding with Tats in the car while waiting for others. Tagaaaal. I'm so sleepy Honestly yes its turning red and me too sleepy  me no want to lose competition :p I miss you Kay to the Jay.  &lt;3 that sucks  QT  Gucci just threw up "/ It is NOT my dream scenario... Bayern is 1-0 down :-( I miss yu to how is things going down there and missss yu tooo : ( why are you hahaing you are not following me Lol... was that mean Ah   I've showed him to my flatmates, cloest friend and Gay friend and they all said he was hot! Result! :P i know, I really hope he doesn't go :-( I forgot that AH was playing tonight!  I wanted to see them with you but now I have a cold.  I need to stay in. Mistake by AB with da spinners, bringing them on at da wrong time     we can't win this game now Everyone in my class is playing temple run execpt me  # androidprobs love you best “ #thingsicantstandGonna have to loose my iPhone for a bit  x Nobody wants to buy my stuff SO!!! My break went by STUPID FAST!!! :-( y like or dislike I got some fag dislike  comment aswell plz Lips dry What a loss to the music world. RIP Etta James. Hahaha Yess! Yeh well ive been waiting for nearly a year for mine I don't know actually!  I'd love to own a laptop right now cause I can't use my uncle's computer  x oh daaaamn!  thank you! Same here These people who are russian or something are talking about me. Just say it to my face I never have anyone to cook for btw we didnt win the  contest  lol Now hooked on #starbucks coffee used to love #dunkin but now it tastes like #water to me Me too  RT  I HATE SRI LANKA RT  Solving a six page equation is a better feeling than an orgasm... &lt; Awwww ure sex life must be shit aww  they had to cancel anyway because of Deryck's back Fucksocks. I buy all my Chunk stuff from there :-( awl he not so innocent no more  lol heeeey... That's unfair! I cook very well and I'd make an amazing husband :-( one day someone will realise my potential... Of whic? RT  Y u sad? U aint part tho? RT   RT  Girls with fewer followers on twitter are prettier and Oh... My Chemical Penguin isn't trending anymore... He better not leave !!!  &lt;/3 Okay I officially hate CAS and hate my last name. I have to go first for every speech My moms always on the phone &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Eu queria ir. Only got 6 dollars actually wait thats not it DW ability... oh well  Lotads are cool anyways!! wheres Kourtneyy  !!!!!!!!! I AM SO BORED well maybe this just shows you need to live here biotch! Miss you 💜💛💜💛 i live 5 hrs away from dallas, Houston is closer :-( what's wrong?  and who may that be??? Lol, cause it ain't me Cramps, You are sooo unappreciated  #BeingAGirlSucks we can dm? oh i am sorry  is that why u unfollowed me ? x you not telling me about me  Sad I'd like your new cd  but i can't! Follow me please but i love your twitter since 2O1O  & i love you since 2OO7 c: :-( I'm too sad. RT  I miss my friends      soon to be I think I'm going to have to go to casualty. That will be jolly on a Friday night. :-( I'm going for an interview in plymouth soon  falmouth haven't got back to me weh RT  im feeling down & shit.  So i really wanna go running but its raining outside :-( oh no.. Why? agh another night at home by myself WAAAAAAA *tears on laptop*  xxx LOL XD xxxx And his flight is cancelled. Ugh. this wounds won't seem to heal My step dad just stopped me to say 'Dont lose 2much weight uno, its starting to look *shakes head and looks up and down*'   LOL - my pinterest app doesn't work The difference between 3 bar and a 4 bar in MW3 is so fucking massive I don't see a point in the  2 bar and one bar. My shots don't count RT  I wish I was going to the game on vday.... Heat vs pacers. "love does not just disappear" #gossipgirl #poorchuch : ( 5,5 ... that's to low this morning. Woke up and felt worse than death. Got slightly better. Now feel like hell again Then He "Accidentally" Hit me With a Book #HeChrisBrownedMe ... I'm sorry my antivirus block this ! I'm about to give up on a new Mac pro update from apple. I guess back to windows for me.    ? i can't :-(  im with linz but will probably pop in for my lunch:-) Thank you babe ... i hope so ... its really annoying though, no  matter how hard i try in geog, i always do SHIT  x And this is slowly coming home In just 7 months, my BFF  is moving to California That couch must feel very empty and lonely for  ! :-( bayern, why you treat me so bad aw remember me is such a sad film Additional; I am in love with one of my teachers. - Chest To Chest , Nose To Nose , Palm To Palm .. We We're Always Just That Close !  #Princess  RT  Sad cause i didnt get to see  at the end of the day Moving right now .sop tired to the memorial service and the funeral haha gettig back to real life, yea my school started this week  I'm already tired! This soar throat has ruined my entire day Lol I'm sad I wish I was There  I Miss my mammy Lol #MrCelebUK I need to win WHAT:O really? I hope they haven't  xxx OMG o_o look at what I'm about to RT it scared me my tummy hurt tengo 45 mil tweets, y eso que twitter me robó tweets. :-( RT  Nah u lot that wasn't even me  like I'd make a mistake like that. Rate me pls When will  follow me don't think you can see me either  don't know what ed is playing at i just dont understand xxxxx #dontjudgeme #cantdomaths #dumb #helpme #why #hashtag  It's one of those noises that makes me cringe, like people cringe when you scratch a blackboard or something. it's horrible Having to put on my glasses really ruins the fact that I did my eye makeup. i dont no why but i always check for one direction tickets on ebay.. each time theres less and less me working out my ass off I do not think you follow me for being ugly Tevez's move to PSG appears to have collapsed with PSG chief Leonardo just revealing an agreement has not been found and may never be parke why doesnt he tweet anymore not tryna share the strawberries nd shit , ( ._.) :/ When someone tries to purposely ruin your good mood &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; I left my glasses downstairs and now my eyes are hurting from looking at a laptop screen... I cba to move, damn I'm lazy i don't think id have any friends if i got the tat anyway RT  All respect to Jiri Raška. He was a great man  #skijumping #RIPRT  Tevez's move to PSG appears to have collapsed with PSG chief Leonardo just revealing an agreement has not been found and may never be it's out of order when your gf   sends you a picture of all the food she has from  when you are in work starving K" U know u're pointless tho!“ Yo already look like a militant..so go  & help em out" Kano tho..   ” don't premote it too the public lol.im styl singn ..mine it bak. all of the light(singn) QUE PACHOOOOO CON TWITERRRRRRRRRR????????? I hate when you just shave your legs and then you get out of the shower and get all cold so they grow hey JONAS NEW ALBUM please we need.  The Jonas Brothers Never Gone ! CantWaitForNewJonasAlbum ! :) lmao RT  Nigeria is not 'safety' enough. Texting you and knowing you don't want me why?! don't talk to Paris sister she being mean to me : ( RT  non of ur tweets make sense, delete ur account abeg ahah no ! I want them back i seriously get so mad because everyone has an iphone and uses those damn emojis that i cant see!! haha, I love you & I'm sick again  shit SUCKS! Want some of ours? Too much of that stuff over here and no snow and frozen lakes to skate on :-(  E&A are a little disappointed I was hungover yesterday and sick this morning  But yes! Great turn around! Saw  on the subway too. Win win. they are from when i was younger  like my lips 'exploded' dunno how to explain, like 2 or 3 times RT   well if my dad had got me on the rugby team would of been a different story loool ahh, yes I know it looks like I'm a lonely lady when I'm smoking  lol.. thanks for putting that out there luv lool I'm not! And I'm worried my boobies won't fit  but ahhh!!! :D excited much! These days I can only read & RT Ow. My bladder I had a dream that Tim tebow called me on my cell. Then I woke up How you know I'm sick.... Calling out from work..... #never happens! : ( I wish I could just take everything back, I miss you  !!! Watching  perform at the #BingBar - sooo wish I was there   YAY for live stream though, next best thing ;) Timing and fees look a bit out of our budget for April (got a race trip planned in March). I thought it was a fall race. well don't trick me like that. Rude. me too! First time Friday classes - se me fue...  ENTRAD BELIEBERS! I gotta work you spoiling  again Cathy......some of us at home having bubble and squeak and a beer.....shucks :-( When you leavin? RT  Yea I kno RT  My mannnns is leaving me soon ugh i miss my car I don't wanna go to practiceeeee heeey babes   here with me in midleton! we heading out to 21st!! wish u were here  xx i miss my babes Haven't seen him i won't have time oh grace  RT  Akosua stay away 4rm him RT  waguan ma RT   Yoo! Por què eres falso  — :S Falso no yo no soy falso ? I wish you were going to be in town tomorrow for   But I know you will have a wonderful career ahead! :) i have been slacking with twitter yeh but I don't want orange  :-( best deal for me is on TMobile :-/ he follows me so f*ck you

And you better wow skip you just crushed my heart so so so tired my hands have little blistrers on them and are sore and i feel very sick  not my day wifee dm me ya number! New phone no numbersss! Peraa, this 50 will cost u a lot, u dumbed me  #SAvsSl  Pleasee follow me? Been trying for ages  ❤ 15 I want fries not wings when your mum won't let you go on a sleepover because she's too paranoid you'll go to smack! Hiiiii I hate when my ass bleeds  fuuuuuuuuck Hannah I'm gonna get the UV thingway, no-no seems good but it's too expensive Bompai  RT  really?where?RT  Gunshots, bombings har yanzu lol oh hush, I couldnt beat you if I tried. My sprained finger  lol Too cold and I'm too sick for the barn right now.  #inpain #torture I knowwww! Its horrrrible! ouch just sat on my hand and my rings are now imbed in my hand still no follow I'm shit with pain so would be the worst person EVER. some people just don't stop screaming. that would be me Escucha Ausencia de Hector lavoe y willy colon ufffff mk wondering if he ever to tweet us back : ( stay slidin, just not to gville aw i'm sorry  the snow by the streets turn brown because of the cars that drive by. but it's usually pretty white From forces above myself....it has been decided that I can no longer have my twitter account for the remainder of the season...farewell. why? saya semangatin nihh :) hayoo semangat :) RT  Even when am down, no ones bring me up.. Meet & Greet??? I didn't see that option when I brought my tickets this morning!! OMG! I'm about cry! :-( FUCK TAIO IS GOING TO SING A DUET!  DAMN IT DAMN DAMN DAMN I always wanted to run away and leave this shit behind me...but i think this will never ever happen Ahhh, im tryna get out the house & go to one  i dont wanna be home! you know how it be lol ok hunny Many unfollowers today  Why? At the hospital with Jalyssa FML I stay to watch you fade away, I dream of you tonight, Tomorrow you'll be gone, It gives me time to stay and I wish by God you'll stay... When there's nothing to do & nothing on tv, it puts me in a funk thats so mean! Soso tireed busy weekend I know right .. They should come to scotland as well RT   westlife wil be amazing, i grown up watching them. i cant go tho  xx Mdrrrr I feel slightly violated, and only cut about an inch off.. Ugh cutting my hair gives me unbelievable nausea. #notsolonghaircare loool you see that std the other day? With the holes and shit? I saw so many people saying not to open and I still did Me neither  xx Actually so guted I can't go faces tonight  am such a shit fan of olly murs, oh well I'll have my early night in as planned about your parents not being together! Down to earth really inspires me because my parents are divorced!  pleasse justin!  I can not open the page! :-(
What is this page? I want some well that truly sucks! I'm sorry your day was ruined haha gettig back to real life, yea my school started this week  I'm already tired! “  aww what happened?” Pneumonia. F*** off! But not to you! I have let someone annoy me! That's the word stuck in my head right now :-( Does anyone know anyone who may want x2 kerrang tour tickets for birmingham? Considering selling mineLooool when  leaves me in a room alone Tomic has litterly worked his ass off last year. My little girl is poorly, I hate it when they re ill. :-( LaToya Jackson was the one who sold over 750 Million meanwhile Michael Jackson at 95 Million i want some popeyes RT   don't talk about yourself like that #OldCelebritiesThatAreNextToGo not nice notice me!! 3 years of trying and im still waiting..  #neversaynever I am so sorry for your loss.. Monty was beautiful..  volunteering with kids is annoying!! I dont wanna goo I can't follow her back.  darn it .. My eyes wnt stay open. SERIOUSLY PISS OFF!! -.- Seriously there are so many spots on my head :-( Jealous I'm not home because Vera Bradley's daughter is at the Holyoke Mall right now How I miss back home not da ryt gurls tho  fuk sakee y u no add me on skype Ewwwwww wtf I almost threw my breakfast up   !!!! #GetBetterAshleyPurdy WHAT HAPPENED?! Is Ash okay?   &lt;333 K but now its just a turn off  why u do dis  gente se resolvam poxa RT  Sry I'm been doin shit since I got up   stoped texting me this morning Its the weekend but i seriously have nothing to look forward too. yeeee! iont wanna see dress ooo! omggg .. it took so long to push your big round head out  glad youre here tho :) :-( RT  Y'all I'm real deal upset. :/ Last winterball  #SoSad I really would be! But I have no ID  as soon as I get my license though yeah? RT  i already miss my dog is beautiful! Get her back in that house!! Big mistake not keeping her  x don't for the hat goggles and flipperss! I wish I was as cool as you lauraa!! Won't be seein babe 2day or anytime soon  #ThatSucks indeed i do, miss u science buddy :-( It's sad...but it's true.. #9GagReader Nooooo  Que triste! RT   I miss you so much dude  :o you have to update me ;) haha xo it sucks   are you seeing the gaylord on Sunday for revision? (: Why are all theese people getting noticed it so hard to get notcied by the boys  Make my day? Follow Me? (: Friday :Movies , Saturday : nothing  Sunday : Church (: . My weekend is pretty boring . I'm sure missing something .  . Wish he could come back right now!!!! I'm always missing when you're tweeting  please give me a answer ! same!!!  i can't believe they didn't include him in the cake. too
far  it was really sad when he cried I know right? THey can't come to fix it till Monday as soon as you can listen to it..listen to it, its amazzing! legend whoever put the whole hour on there,long ipod song now!haha Got absolutey nothing to do!!!! :-( #loooooong i reallyyy want my invisalign back  waaaahhh Wearing a black sweatshirt with a white fuzzy scarf  #brilliant #NeedLintRoller Yeah that was cool. And after lunch is worse Nooooo not MegaUpload So I'll stay at my grandma's for 3 weeks and won't see my mum, dad and sister say what!!!? Oh that's right u guys didn't invite me  ha Yeaaaah we didn't!  But that was understandable, & Yuppp! I wanna go hopefully for Proud when it goes to No 1! *prays* ;pxxxx Nice RT  : I miss u
monkey :-( The day after TWAT im gunna be so gutted, no TWFanmily and nothing to look forward to Xbox red ring of death  p.s I hate xbox anyway ps3 all the way it's a sly trick people use, sorry RECAMEE not really  xx RT  Everyone in my class is playing temple run execpt me  # androidprobs I think I miss  and  #Live #Sabc1 :-(  Would anyone help me ?!  to  find an official source about "stopping SOPA"  plz “ God why is westfield so packed. -_-” oh goddddd it's gonna be hell at work 2moro grrrr :-( That was a unpleasant nap... I guess to not record. I ran out time sorry to hear about Derek Bout Ta Lay Down Fa The Rest Of The Day, & Reflect On My Fckn Life! I Wish I Knew How Ta Put Uh Madface, Lol mommy daddy stop fighting!!!!  hate when people fight, specially people you count as Twitter family Ahhhh lawd  cant even give dem boys no wet mouth ... well just take it steady hun u ga be alright Ahh where is my sister RIP ate Carines Itchon  #formerMissVillasis you will always be remembered.. she's only 26 I didn't eat/drink so much over xmas this year, so it's not so bad! Just felt ill alot, so loads of comfort eating! I haven't talked to Arthur since last night... my stomach hurts  wah wah wah #why Yes mummy  RT  Shattap young woman! RT " I shld get anoda tat or piercing*thinking*" Got a viewing on sunday watch me sell my house and have no were to go :-( No one liked my story then feel bad for yu homie So jealous!! I wish I was there too! Sad pantz. well if you're still there in an hour im coming down quit tweeting me because I'm not mean  and I am cool!! Ahh, I can't find my carmax! oooow' im so tired and dizzy.. off to bed, maybe ill feel better tomorrow  x really want to Extremely hungry RIP Etta James & my buddy big Sean who tragically lost his life in a motorcycle accident this morning.  Be careful bike owners!! I REALLY wanna see this movie, but in our country it wont be in cinemas until next month  XD Wow this sucks really alone :-(  another weekend that I'm gonna spend alone I always paint outside the lines when it comes to my nails  fml I want to take pictures so badly I'm gonna be in bk by that time Winter= Major suckage Only if woosy ben mitchel was back in eatenders oh no.  I feel for you I do. I'm impressed you manage to stay awake doing it?! ;) Pub it instead!!! #badInfluence Wish 4a msr3 5l9 SHUT UPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPTired of studying chemistry Yours nice. Mine looked like I do stabbings for my hobby : ( no seeee so with that being said, i think u should work on ur attitude please shout me out 
x ( live on bro i dont understand why do u have so many disslikes on youtube.. I want to go home and play Skyrim  lol Hannahs leaving doo and I'm already crying Craving sour sweets  shops to far a walk since the co-op is shut aw babe  xxxxxxxx please please let the latest  clue mean that taylor is coming to europe for wonderstruck promo.haven't smelt it yet haha shutup! Let me know if you do, I'm bored as shit!  xxx awwww no g I'm alive soz missin ya toooo Why are all theese people getting noticed it so hard to get notcied by the boys  Make my day? Follow Me? (:4 Gavin & Stacey series 3 DVD has broken from being played so much. DISASTER me failing is funny to you... Thanks  #jk been in myself all night with no-one to talk to  half eight hurry up ! At Work.. ready for school to be#OVER ughh.headache's are #NOT wssp Aww    Does it work on your computer? I like using it on the computer better than the App. Aw man, just seen someone on Facebook talking about "Mark Speight" I remember when he first killed himself  sad times. So sleepy, but I have to meet my lab supervisor, plus not feeling well Just ate half a cheesecake. im sooo gald its friday so i can sleep!! maybe thats why i've been so sick lately because i need some rest. i hope i feel better soon Think I'm going to emergency when I get off tonight RT   I miss you Kay to the Jay.  &lt;3 The hardest part of the week is when I have to write my brother .. running low on goldfish crackers i know there is mandy never nothing good on anymore  #saywhatifeel can't believe it  my sissyys leaving mee add my new pin 322EA383 btw&lt;3 just the shire as i don't get paid until monday and have limited cash i miss you too  i wish you were here to go places with me and give me advice all the time! Love you like crazy :) sorry girls, can't come tonight.  I actually have a vball thing. Nothing there  RT "  cydm" I wanna go to the freaking mall, but my mom won't drive me. i cant sleep aww  what.u doin this evening? I need to do coursework... Ohhhh the worst  hate inhaling waves of stank in public places Why won't my mum let me have my nose pieced why does soundcloud not work? Someone hang out with me  #bored lmfaoo , You A Fool , But Me & Redman Been Goin Through Sum Ishh , We Gone Get Back Riqht Though &lt;3 , HOPEFULLY oh goodness I hate it its so cruel and barbaric poor poor animals  I will be tweeting with you and karma will get the #furhags!X i want the iPhone 4s so i can fuck around with siri gettin ready for work He added more shows  RT  So the Kevin hart show is sold out? That woulda been a good bday move for me I didn't know me leaving was so sad  :P Watchu do to her ?!  RT   don't talk to Paris sister she being mean to me : ( Hi Ben! My account was hacked and I lost everything  so I had to create a new account. lmfaoooo BITCH to bad im 5'3 -.- i miss my guacamole brooklyn style too you re sorry pou den mporo na ertho!  ithela polu i thought you were going to RT  💔 text me, I lost your number Nat, unblock your page! Lol YES!! Dinner, when? Are you feeling better? It was good seeing  and Mello last night ! I miss kickin it with you every day kinda sad .. it a point below the eye is sore and swollen. I hope that you understand what place i mean .. awk no mate  dats crap! x Looking for my little brother :-( I May need to hire a P.I. WHERE IS ALL MY FOLLOWERS&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;SMH YAL IZ FAKE.... YAL DONT LOVE ME RT all county   Lord bless you and keep you--the Lord make His face shine upon you & be gracious unto you- Numbers 6:25” So when i graduate im joining the Police Academy. Im gonna have to stop smoking  
my goal is to be a Homicide Detective. omg can I join you? :-( lol The last thing I want to do today is go to the damn doctors. Why are all theese people getting noticed it so hard to get notcied by the boys  Make my day? Follow Me? (:3 i LOVE my nerdy glasses. I can never wear them in pics or vids b/c they have too much of a glare RT  I wish I was going to the game on vday.... Heat vs pacers. Its been four days since I've seen my boyfriend  #Sadtweet ooh dear!!  was that your last exam? Me likey....Tho I've bn hearin' rumours dah it's gna get called of soon RT  Hate being in such a shit mood U ok boo? RT  Guess i lost my bestfriend RT  Wen I put up a  status don't ask me wats rong wen u never ask me wats Right*(good) :) ...3-/ I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2042 Twitcam ain't working Why...n u didnt like it???RT  n i had such a long nap ds afternoon #snakestatus when your bf calls you and always thinks ur in the kitchen Did you get my dm, btw? 'Cause I didn't get an answer. why  xx eyyy u can't die when they come! haha &lt;3 wait what why..? ahhh bad times  I know it might of come as a shock! haha this is depressing RT  RT  Heeft Rilla zn acc geclosed ? - yup..  / why? =O My toes feel like icicles. I'm officially ashamed of that reply Missing wizards of waverly place Holis, ¿me agregan a Gtalk? bal said average he thinks is 40/50 for each question.. Works out as 80/100 for a B to block  HSMForeverInOurHearts Miss seeing  live Yhup  :) see I knew you were going to miss me RT  leaves tomorrow I'm sick  and I'm freezing! I just want it to be next weekend, in such a shit mood that hurts.  I am. And because I'm short, it looks worse yay. :-( You are not, don't even xoxo I didn't get to see Kimye :-( Miss yu too bf RT   imu :-( stop John, you're giving me hungry and all i'll eat is saladhey doll.. How u been.. I miss u Tired of studying chemistry Yours nice. Mine looked like I do stabbings for my hobby : ( no seeee so with that being said, i think u should work on ur attitude please shout me out 
x ( live on bro i dont understand why do u have so many disslikes on youtube.. I want to go home and play Skyrim  lol Hannahs leaving doo and I'm already crying Craving sour sweets  shops to far a walk since the co-op is shut aw babe  xxxxxxxx please please let the latest  clue mean that taylor is coming to europe for wonderstruck promo.haven't smelt it yet haha shutup! Let me know if you do, I'm bored as shit!  xxx awwww no g I'm alive soz missin ya toooo Why are all theese people getting noticed it so hard to get notcied by the boys  Make my day? Follow Me? (:4 Gavin & Stacey series 3 DVD has broken from being played so much. DISASTER me failing is funny to you... Thanks  #jk been in myself all night with no-one to talk to  half eight hurry up ! At Work.. ready for school to be#OVER ughh.headache's are #NOT wssp Aww    Does it work on your computer? I like using it on the computer better than the App. Aw man, just seen someone on Facebook talking about "Mark Speight" I remember when he first killed himself  sad times. So sleepy, but I have to meet my lab supervisor, plus not feeling well Just ate half a cheesecake. im sooo gald its friday so i can sleep!! maybe thats why i've been so sick lately because i need some rest. i hope i feel better soon Think I'm going to emergency when I get off tonight RT   I miss you Kay to the Jay.  &lt;3 The hardest part of the week is when I have to write my brother .. running low on goldfish crackers i know there is mandy never nothing good on anymore  #saywhatifeel can't believe it  my sissyys leaving mee add my new pin 322EA383 btw&lt;3 just the shire as i don't get paid until monday and have limited cash i miss you too  i wish you were here to go places with me and give me advice all the time! Love you like crazy :) sorry girls, can't come tonight.  I actually have a vball thing. Nothing there  RT "  cydm" I wanna go to the freaking mall, but my mom won't drive me. i cant sleep aww  what.u doin this evening? I need to do coursework... Ohhhh the worst  hate inhaling waves of stank in public places Why won't my mum let me have my nose pieced why does soundcloud not work? Someone hang out with me  #bored lmfaoo , You A Fool , But Me & Redman Been Goin Through Sum Ishh , We Gone Get Back Riqht Though &lt;3 , HOPEFULLY oh goodness I hate it its so cruel and barbaric poor poor animals  I will be tweeting with you and karma will get the #furhags!X i want the iPhone 4s so i can fuck around with siri gettin ready for work He added more shows  RT  So the Kevin hart show is sold out? That woulda been a good bday move for me I didn't know me leaving was so sad  :P Watchu do to her ?!  RT   don't talk to Paris sister she being mean to me : ( Hi Ben! My account was hacked and I lost everything  so I had to create a new account. lmfaoooo BITCH to bad im 5'3 -.- i miss my guacamole brooklyn style too you re sorry pou den mporo na ertho!  ithela polu i thought you were going to RT  💔 text me, I lost your number Nat, unblock your page! Lol YES!! Dinner, when? Are you feeling better? It was good seeing  and Mello last night ! I miss kickin it with you every day kinda sad .. it a point below the eye is sore and swollen. I hope that you understand what place i mean .. awk no mate  dats crap! x Looking for my little brother :-( I May need to hire a P.I. WHERE IS ALL MY FOLLOWERS&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;SMH YAL IZ FAKE.... YAL DONT LOVE ME RT all county   Lord bless you and keep you--the Lord make His face shine upon you & be gracious unto you- Numbers 6:25” So when i graduate im joining the Police Academy. Im gonna have to stop smoking  
my goal is to be a Homicide Detective. omg can I join you? :-( lol The last thing I want to do today is go to the damn doctors. Why are all theese people getting noticed it so hard to get notcied by the boys  Make my day? Follow Me? (:3 i LOVE my nerdy glasses. I can never wear them in pics or vids b/c they have too much of a glare RT  I wish I was going to the game on vday.... Heat vs pacers. Its been four days since I've seen my boyfriend  #Sadtweet ooh dear!!  was that your last exam? Me likey....Tho I've bn hearin' rumours dah it's gna get called of soon RT  Hate being in such a shit mood U ok boo? RT  Guess i lost my bestfriend RT  Wen I put up a  status don't ask me wats rong wen u never ask me wats Right*(good) :) ...3-/ I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2042 Twitcam ain't working Why...n u didnt like it???RT  n i had such a long nap ds afternoon #snakestatus when your bf calls you and always thinks ur in the kitchen Did you get my dm, btw? 'Cause I didn't get an answer. why  xx eyyy u can't die when they come! haha &lt;3 wait what why..? ahhh bad times  I know it might of come as a shock! haha this is depressing RT  RT  Heeft Rilla zn acc geclosed ? - yup..  / why? =O My toes feel like icicles. I'm officially ashamed of that reply Missing wizards of waverly place Holis, ¿me agregan a Gtalk? bal said average he thinks is 40/50 for each question.. Works out as 80/100 for a B to block  HSMForeverInOurHearts Miss seeing  live Yhup  :) see I knew you were going to miss me RT  leaves tomorrow I'm sick  and I'm freezing! I just want it to be next weekend, in such a shit mood that hurts.  I am. And because I'm short, it looks worse yay. :-( You are not, don't even xoxo I didn't get to see Kimye :-( Miss yu too bf RT   imu :-(NO   tickets R SOLD OUT!! Grrrrrrr! Are u going!? Goin to bed early...goodnight I dont really feel well  Where u off to? RT  Goodbye tweet peeps goodbye friends goodbye everyone till we meet again... Um. I opened my car door to find this. I just... Don't know. iloveyoulots, I'm good thank youuuuu. RT  Dear Tx, I have at least 3 more months of #UggSeason and these 80 degree days in January are throwin' me off.  sincerely #FixIt! Mmkkthx RT  Ikno Ikno   damN i was hopin YU wouldn find out that i ratted YU out! eu amo ele demais  eu nao consigo viver sem voce twitter, nao me abandona! I love you much, forever Monday , monday .. Come more faster please  [Like it?  ] hope he ok ! I love my sat morn doing the stuff that has to be done  but I'm good with  :)  "That moment when Mindless behavior doesnt RT Or Tweet yu  -.-" what you mean?? thats actually considered normal now -__- ..unfortunately. ...oh wow!  RT  "I was just hanging out with  because you were out of town" - I have no ideearrr what that means lol Buying books.. This line RT  where's  ? I miss her. Really want this mixing desk!! but at £15k it's a little out of my price range Oi  That is 2 tweets I have sent you recently with no reply. I'm starting to think you're ignoring me *quietly sobs* :-( I won't be here If I could id tie my boyfriend up to the house. And stay home with me all-day  he just loves being with me. -_- NO becuase they are simply not on my level of intelligence just hung out with Sara for an hour... Which made me realize how much I miss you  are you having fun and they've cut out the stan bit! Donde esta mi nope haven't tried that. And there are interviews indicating he might come back as a ghost for 1 or two 2 but that's it My boobs be killing me I can't even hug people that's how bad it is.! fuck i made this cut in my hand and it stings U wan2 get ur degree 4rm onitsha? Impossicant..  u'll be fine! :) RT  All dis bombings,, so scared of goin bac 2 yola Lunch with my mamma then heading to the Ridge at night... I low key don't wanna leave damn no greensboro Ahhh rite i get you, the day after is gunna be disapointed aftter being with the TWcrew then nothing  i deleted it :) xx i do that all the time RT   Ouiii c'est nul j'aime pas ça  -- roooo I want this board « Damn snow -_-» I kno dam n u not in my company Sarah I think wer being castes out her I don't know what to do for my birthday :-( Rumours  xx Miss you bby Twitter is like boys, As soon as it makes sense, They change A month ago I thought I was dreaming. Then today I finally woke up. Oh well back to reality  it's hurts me too think you've ever cried :-( doesn't affect me but I'm sorry I hate embarrassing myself  #500aDay My hrt goes to d chanels reporter kild in d blast sha i'm probably gonna move to europe soon My baby is in the shop 12-6 baba, was meant to be 5.15 but we have to get ready for a mega promotion or something? I wanna see Gabriel Iglesias so bad next month but tickets are $87 Flop a set of 7s no
Action I want some Bronco Billies Pizza now Uhhh  Moodle says I have a 69% #freakingoutalittlebit  #wtf poxa  me deram unfollow I miss YOU! “ Who deceivd u dt ur not a baby :pRT  Mehn ds catarrh nd cough is making me feel like a lil babyy ” I know it's stupid  have you started reading the hunger games? Found a chicken bone outside my door this morning, a sure sign my organs will be used in a satanic ritual tonight. Been nice knowing you I feel naked bein in this nail salon w/o ...  poor 2PM Junsu! What a bad start for the new year! &gt;&lt; fuck of mathilda I MISS   COME HOMEEEEEE Anonymous asked: Your tumblr is A+++ not even joking. mines shit, i dont even know how to use it  i have 6... My mouth is riddled with ulcers. Making it difficult to eat anything. Not happy. Not feelin' my best my mommy asked me was I home.. not yet pimping I done took 3 naps today n i stil feel the same RT  HAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA RT  So ecg if u make 1 plug work wat go hopen? Just one peh for my standn fan I bergg I wish my grandma lived me that much Can someone please verify for me if Miss Etta James has actually passed away!!! but I can't go on thattt. you aint the only one , we can cry together yeah I am also getting better too. Just have the ugly mucus coughs now. RT  i seriously get so mad because everyone has an iphone and uses those damn emojis that i cant see!! Gosh, I miss  so damn much Missed my 420th tweet I checked the book store on campus and the only version they have is the simple version. Too easy ooo ! :* lovely :* :) i want to meet him  :/ but its unrealistic hahahaha  I wish! but sadly no He has a tweeting limit RT  Lifting a bigger babe is tense...just put on a brave face and go for it. « sorry I missed you dude!! :-( yaaaaaaaaay ! And Aww omg I wanna try it too  lol bien , i miss u too babe  &lt;3 are u comming on summer? Damn. Etta James died? #RIP  I loved her music. we have to many injuries RT  I miss  Full House  Best & favorite show as a child. I tried to call my wife  but her phone didn&#39;t even ring  guess ill know she here when I see her ... If I see her omg stumpy get in my life please I miss you and my heart hurts for your glittery dragoness what is this RT  I gotta get some more black tights ! Mine got a whole bunch of lint of em your too tall with heels on Brandi look  she was crying. Okay! Thats enough snow already! wish my microwave was bigger so my popcorn could rotate My bad I got the pancake  RT  Damn  girl why that ass soo FLAT Buurrrrr....it's cold in this room  #teamfollowback the link doesn't work! I'll have to try on the computer It was boring. You're upset?I know, but I don't want to go alone Omg. I DON'T want to go to work today  I'm sure it will be fun, but I'm feelingsooo lazy " What happened to you your so mean now!!!! not good news oh and Nice pic... I miss my sisters    ladies wish our boy a happy birthday Yes!  I'm hurt  gov was such a struggle without you and   good luck this weekend dolllll RT  O.oh try again RT AKA_MELAST: So y i don't i still have power!?? Whilst others are on! (cont) hahaha no!! This wasn't sponsored by the pub. so I'll just ask one more time and that's it. just say hi to my idol please for me  say that i love her Jonny said you're back cause you're injured :-( hope you get better soon!!! x no one to talk to  #badthingsaboutbeingsingle You know what?!?! People, PEOPLE!!! I CAN'T STAND IT!!!! what's wrong! Hope u feel better Dwade RT   is a laaaaaaame , a dissecting me for RT  Status: carente Feeling a bit down! I jsut told my bff that  is going to follow 100 fans every day and she just told me: you won't be one of them  it hurts me. Hates not having free access to the interwebs pq eu vou pra ksa da minha avó! Dont do this  and you know they all three are my favs! yay! Can't believe you left last night  mug! RT  I miss my daddy so much  &lt;3 I really miss school!!!  #random defooooo  roll on Burnley tomorrow aha! is it REALLY?! i havent tried it haha o yeah!! Didn't take long did it! Did u not like ur card  ? xx gotta go and be mean to naruto  ok I have to agree with you on that one though, but I have seen worse openings tried to sneak on ustream in science class to see you earlier but you weren't on  oh well, 3 hours &lt;33333(: I use to be so close with   I miss her! We don't talk anymore I been callin everybody muma for the past 2 weeks lmaooo i cant get it out my head " This snow Chicago is gettin rite now &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;" I miss that :-( In a really down mood today  tried to hide it but  still figured it out :L xxx FINALLY back on Twitter...But they DELETED my 1,200 followers! miss youuu! My fuckin fingers feel like popcicles gahhhh #cold Matt's going to coventry to see John  I can most probably get a lift there could you? x Man I wanna see Red Tails, Haywire, and Contraband So I'm tryina take someone out to eat ON ME, & no one is available Everytime I hear lotus flower bomb, I be wanting somebody to sing Miguel part but nobody ever does I need a texting busy can we plz hang out with  and  or something!? I miss all y'all RT  Na wa 4 u o RT  dis minute i wnt sometin d next minute i dnt wnt it...na wa 4 me o.. Hahahahahah  RT  Apparently smashis only started rapping after he heard drake :'D I need to learn to keep my mouth shut. Now I feel bad.  ~Severus RT     Addicted to your vids buddy, so annoying we cant get four loko in uk..   #crazyforfourloko Imm crushinggg dawgggg  , imm boutaa be singleeee Prison Break was & still is my favorite TV Show ever. It is sad, that it got ended. Ugh im in so much pain, feel like cryingg Today clubbing is like to boring the crowd .. Lots of kepale botak.. haha i seriously messed it up! i called myself unsociable! hahaha.. wont be getting an offer from there. Yeah i know I'm so hungry  this chick needs to hurry the fuck up im whiney because she was pushing on my neck where it hurts. i had every right to be crying. i just dont feel good I cant  maybe tomorrow though o: My mum wouldn't let me spend £40 on books : im just not in a good mood lmao oh adam  -sobs into your shirt Seem Like He Doesnt Want To erm go lay down, nope got it at 7:30  xxx Feels like years since the police have had my iPod. I want my music back My dear I am...... RT   are you okay B? You sound like you're pissed no  what a shame, hbu? ee ana ashfq 3lehm el9ra7a kl hatha m7treen mnichh alla ykoon be3onhm Pero aqui no...  VC investment rose 10% in 2011, & web companies grabbed the lion’s share | VentureBeat mate a havnt a clue how to use thing stupid thing! far to complicated for my tiny little brain!!  xx Photo: Why didn’t my Tshirt come out like this I just came across an American girl on Tumblr that looks a bit like me this runny nose has turned me into a snort laugher.  Just got home from work, aleluyah I'm so tired  nap and then editing :) But dads making beef curry  #vommmmmmmmm Don't want to do this science exam on tuesday its all about the money dawg. money over all. :)  Its sad to say but I think I'm a workaholic I miss you too sister!  when can I come stay the weekend with you? I wish I was going to #NEONNIGHT but I just don't have the energy  good luck #PlumHooops 💜🏀💛 when greyson wanted me to come to his concert and asked me to send in my name so i can be there VIP but i couldnt go aha! Well it's true & not my fault so don't hit me que saudadeee Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 132 They do  xx The next time I'll be drinking is Thursday I feel so horrible and sick and stuffy I know! I wish I can see  on Broadway in NYC  #stupidschool #HTSIB skiing is just not for me  but one thing I got out of my day.. snowboarders are sooo sexy ;) stay strong  #much love. xo RT  #teamtootired where is my bestfriend ? : ( RT  Gave up long ago RT  Sri Lanka tearing us apart :-( #SunfoilODIseries #PureProteas(me too) nall this thoughts locked inside, now you're the first to know your so so so far away  i miss you loads faggot features Oh we do AQA, I'm sure they have, the questions for the past 3 past papers have been really hard!!!! Wish I was clever enough to be a vet crying at deathly hallows part two :-( okk and oh man  okay I'll send it here- she's adorb! Wow ma dinner burnt my tongue  hurts Ouaiiii  deception mdr those sent way out of order.  whoops haha sorry! I'm still laughing about John's outburst on #Masterchef! Wish it was on tonight  xxx I Can't Believe This  I'm So Upset idk. I will not watch it.. I'm not going a anywhere pauls going to dc for the weekend I knowwww  I'm leaving tomoro but I'm not gunna have time !! So sleepy that I just decided to skip econ lecture because I'd be sleeping anyway  I feel so bad! wow. I got a 90, I'm in shock. But I needed a 92 Waah  I want my boots. Don't understand how we got one of packages when no one was around in my house to claim the pkg my boots came in... I duno what time ill be back either!  sort it out asap tho! Apparently so - I want him out over Nicola ah! I'm so sorry    can I still come to Chuko? haha i know, its depressing! ii know but i got no money awwhhhh.  poor thing. I hope he's okay. Wow, yeah me too.. &lt;3 i want to see it..  i wish she let her hair long just like before... My Jinko tea is not working , my brain is not functioning well , I need to boost my memory & clear my mind i know  it feels that way grr, head hurts  LOVE SO MUCH. ♥ i miss u brothaaaa RIP Etta James  . she was definitely one of the greatest vocalists of our time what's wrong boo Me too =/ RT  I miss my boyfriend ehem  RT xx bow wow has a child? owe i didn't even know that  im hurt  Ouchy :-( haha yeah but I don't wanna go back to Uni on Monday!  I just wanna get Results-doing my head in! How u babes? X I've hurt my knee again. :-( im just real sick. havnt ate in 2 days. i keep near throwing up like gaging and my stomic is killin me  im not a happy bunny Why does winter have to be so cold Awhh, my Co-Op kidddies gave me flowers, they're so cute #gonnamissyou R.I.P Etta James  What a sad sad day.. awe &lt;333 argh, got to go offline :-( byee!! ilyyy &lt;33333 Fell down in front of the bathroom  Sorry ikooo!! Once again forgot to give you an ff I promise ill shave my legs  #embarrased #dickinit kpc neviens no foršjiem cilvēciņiem nav onlainā??? You never welcomed me to twitter seeing this photo of Majorca makes me want to be there now 10000000 times more I wish it was me. Sadly im stuck in Canada today :-( I have a major headache Lost my ride home thanks! Yeah, she was a cute little kitty NOOO!! This can't be how the series ends!  #Sherlock -__- I lost a lot of numbers :) RT   RT   is MAD!!!! u didnt gimme a hug RT  On follow limit  shoutouts? We return them all!! Or RT #teamfollowback my head hurts  and im carp at temple run lls awww  well maybe they just look bigger. ukt  you really should get bbm or textsss ! in math I HAVE NOT SEEN YOU FOREVER   COME OVER PLZ I'm with sesen finally get to go and see  and  - although not looking forward to getting up early Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 134 RT  CATS that is what i say to you RT   can you say something to me? I sometimes wonder y im where im at instead of where I was. I shoulda stayed n been closer to hym as of last night I got #regret Is there any way ANYONE can lend me like $30 by 4oclock!!!  #desperate The fucking bus is avin a laughh  NO BUDDY awwwwwww kufe I would have def been on it but the internet service is forken up oo so tired! thts not cool u knw i hide behind the smile so no one sees the pain that stinks! I think my ipod is about to die bc its old RIP MEGAUPLOAD Laptop got too hot and Downton wouldn't play properly :-( ; Imm Sorry  , But Itss A Good Thingg ! I'm good thankyou! and awhh hope you feel better soon  X you said you'd put lorna on the list and she's not on there and we're outside and she can't get in, help Jsais pas du tout jai lseum Pooooor civ  #carwars I am Going to jackson  wahhhh. Resched! Those popping sounds from my knee... I don't like it I haven't played ball this year .. I think my favorite buddy is mad at me & idek what I did. i wanna do the disney princess half marathon in florida My neck and back hurt so bad #hurting hahahaha I'm so out of the loop wahh i wish i was..  gotta walk homeee aha , guess thats a no ? : ( I have the worst headache Almost time to go to the field and do my workout then I've cuz I hurt  FML I knooowwww :-( can all updates stop being sad? do u ever reply to ur fans Gary hahahah, I really don't doubt it!! u are so lucky to have them!  I want them to come to Norway too oh.. im sorry as if i'm too ill to go out haha oh no  I sat on the sharp end of a heel earlier I feel your pain. Hahah what is it? Life? Xx N need of someone to cut this hair out if I let my boo do it I know I will have patches :-( I finished all my veggies  now where is my dessert? :D #mischievousface you never text me back Yersums. Bored shitless, but I'm off every Friday lol! I want to see him RT  twitter is being really weird, all of you that are saying I unfollowed, it says I'm following , i have no idea what's going on Naaaa what I just herd is really sad I'm Laxy on there :D Wanted to do a quick game earlier to learn the controls but there's no way to practice Grandparendts going Malaysia now and staying there for four day. Awww Definitely will look for it. When I replace my DVD player, it's not workingwouldn't you want a heart from me? I have a cold + sinus pain = dead gill I feel bad for  because he's sooo bored oh no! What a shame. My friend in the bays always performs there :-( Allll my homeboys gettin locked up!!!!  WTF !!! RT  people are so mean to jafet, stop I wanted you there! Battling another headache / potential migraine To com sdds Gutted the Triumph dealer have just discounted the Viper leather to £100 when i cant afford it My poor little star girl, drink lots of water and rest up ok. Missing you very much and love you very much to. ;) xXxXx no tell me, marc doesn't let me watch it OMG ....  my head hurts so bad. Im going to be good this weekend :-( And for YOU ..I would walk a thousand miles To be in your arms, holding my heart Oh, I LOVE YOU . #NOTICEME pleas. Back to work Hopefully I'm feeling better later on or else I can't go out Found so many Beatles records today, this lack of a million euro hurts  you forgot Egypt Ok So im All Tired Now haven't seen em lately Etta James died?! All day I've been singing "Something's Got a Hold On Me"! #ironic #RIPEttaJames  a true legend. sorry ... How I feel after knowing that I used to judge people like that. HSMForeverInOurHearts RT  RIP Etta James  Beyoncé must be really sad right now... She really loved playing Etta James on Cadillac Records I believe in the stars not god he hasn't called me today yet I 'm a fool   
you are happy !! I just wanna cuddle i didn't post my song fast enough   My boyfs a bully Should been born blonde!!! #plank!! Left conditioner in my hair Cramps My freaking brother has an iPhone  ..I'm losing dawg. I miss you ridiculously. Please know that.  whimpering as we speakkkkkkkk I wouldve said hi if I saw u lol. But yehh hopefully its decent Homework for the rest of the day  #ughhh #ihateschool Nooo  I have workk. u promised me in the shop u would follow me aw, i like it trying to find my books i think i lost I wish  was coming to the game I seriously need shoes from Shoe Dazzle. But I've been looking and it seems like them don't ship worldwide RT  Who's gunna be my valentine RT  everyday i wish i could sing...every day. Sarah please don't gooo  can't wait to find that perfect manhattan house that slides into our budgets,I will hunt for it!#downdubstown Loool why you leaving me  hahha please follow me i wasnt able to go on your tour so this would make me so happy please In blue horseshoe with Yanna, I'm trying hard not to get my tragus “ 20th tweet party” you're a little behind. Step it up little lady. I miss you kay cant go  and okay we will have to wait for beth to reply and see what she says about it xxx To the dentist! AGAIN :-( SO MAD!!! Its sad when ur with someone, BUT u keep on thinking about somebody else  .......................... &lt;/3 i know babe  i'm sorry. give me like another 15 minutes and my mom will be home awww  I'm sure that cd is amazing since I made it. i've heard good things! and finished big bang theory and lost got shit I like this one :-) and yeah it will be my first i need video evidence!  x nope yeah me too, i'm not good at french and especially not in business french, i have to write a letter I want to go home RT   so hungover. Need you and lettuce. Miss you work tonight all of them they back up now lol I love nicole so much it hurts to see her leave I'm next and my hands are sweating! I haven't come in like two months so I know it's gonna be bad. but  &  are angry with me all of a sudden  I'm crying Fuck the US postal service RT  "So am not good enough Woke up without  by myside  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;" brisecl  I'm going to get scold for not getting a C in sceince  I have a fuckin E!! smh lol :-( when im nervous/stressed/worried/stressed/stressed/stressed/stressed i bite my nails really short and it hurts like a bitch, i know. And I get so down about it knowin the good ones are all being taken as I'm just getting older  smh I'm fed up Matt!!  yeah I've made 2 already. My brew intake on a night in is significantly more than usual :/ hahahaa naa i got it in the end, turns out i have to have money on an account to buy it or summin? all i want is a BBK top please notice me!please Lol, I knw ryt RT  U wan2 get ur degree 4rm onitsha? Impossicant..  u'll be fine! :) RT ... Yup, we speak Dari. My dad knows Pashto though OMGOSH I feel today is going be a bad daaaaay... Omw to wrk kkk , to viciadoo My tummy hurts  haha yeah finished it all,and thank you!Lol yaah. And no not badass haha. And yeah hey your getting money that's good!Right bills Omg my nose  #frozen :-( And yes, Mayara, a C-section is a lot more horrifying My little car cant handle all this snow  waaaah Missing the Sabi dorm right now... Im working :-( so gutted was going to come n watch until hours changed! RT  I'm actually gunna miss my teachers this semester  Niggas gotta go to class dressed like they're in the House of Hufflepuff everyday : ( Well , there Goes my night words cant describe how jealous i am, thought i had lasagne.went downstairs and it was spag bowl wasn't it not to disappoint you but its kinda freezing today...and rainy #ThingsICantStand seeing that  isn't following me and  it makes me a #sadpanda NOTICE ME !!!! I am Jasminator ♥ !! &lt;3 RT  ♥ You are my inspiration !!I always write and even a RT  3hf ahh I know. After this its over  lol Missing the one and only man my dad swear its hard dealing with the fact  #father #allah #yr7mhWell it will certainly take my mind off things for a while! Thank you, I'll miss you and the others too IM NOT A BITCH   asshole((( LOLOLOLLO CALL ME ASSHOLE INSTEAD LOLOLOL I CANT EVEN I'm cold and tired and hungry  ugh fine thanks matey x I have work tomorrow. :-( #noweekendworking enjoy your swimming unfollow me she doesn't love me any more!!! :-( It'll never work... :-(
:'(

;-) Woi..pole..:)..bet the classes will b ok
RT   ebu imagne I don't feel good #sick I literally came right as the afternoon bell was ringing “  are you still grounded??????” yes Getting my room ready for painting! Its so sad and depressing with everything off the walls....feels like I'm moving. After 5 days, I'm still not better but have to go back to work I LOVE YOU BELLA, FOLLOW ME AND REALIZE MY DREAM? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH  1 i guess your not getting my messages !! im not at my house  ill be home around 540 i think eiii to com sdd de vc Stupid snow  oh well guess I'll take the kids to play in the snow and sled! Anytime b.Missed u tho .RT  Thanks hun" Awwwn pele love :*  RT  Bored as usual" Oh no!!!  didn't have the bag I wanted from Chanel.  #sadpanda. shut up. U never considerate to me :-( RT  Man up lil nigga RT  Leaving the Dr office. My arm hurts man Im sorry.... ACTUALLY still its fake;D I just want to go home  still have another 2 hours to go! Royally pissed off. Friend I haven't seen for ages texted to ask if she could come by for a cuppa, and my damn phone was off. 46% Cant believe my baby is 7 months already I hope dey call I miss you Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 139 I'm sick  and sure I will ask you a few questions then! No hot water = can't shower. Shoot me right tf now! i'm sorry about what heppend to you be strong baby I do  RT   ??? RT  Do philly niggas still say ock? Lol but I was gonna bring koolaid pouches. Oo  #thevoice Ugh work tomorrow...45mins left m it looks like the paper fairy just shitted on my desk I&#39;m getting tired of music lessons lmfao! 'i actually have memory loss' you make me die. and oi where did you get your bow tie from?  xxxxxxxxxx My thumb is swollen you haven't followed me 2:0 I got a headache. I'm in the bunkest mood ever carm haha! Gunna have to sleep it off RT  i will cry if frankie goes out tonight, because im not allowed to vote I can't I have to go to work haha  to be continued... Esto va mal jooope   (live at He Woke Me Up Lmaoo I drove outside just to come back with bad news :-( yeahhh hahah I saw him pulling out in his car. And I won't be here, I'm going to DC till tuesday night work mick-swagger but I deleted it from my phone!  it always freezes on me! Ouuchhh, I feel for you! yeaa. all that stuff in the paper is a lie , but its in the past ! && i dnt get to see u and jaz no more  previously scheduled soprano is unable to make the creation gig after all   new singer elizabeth keusch has already been found :) Sorry to all ladies in the world.  I just drank ur favourite elixir known as kacip fatimah.  Im so sleepy.  Hardly to drive further :-( missed my fav programme again, whyy??? :-( ugh!!! hate starting off on the wrong foot. now that lady is going to dislike me.  grrrrrr I'm leaving town this weekend though!!   #adultresponsibilities Sadece tweet aticakk gucum kaldii disappointed doesn't even begin to cover it RT  So Sad To See You Go Soo Soon , I Know That You Aint Coming Back Shusssh you! Meanie mannn what about my lasanga n the oven thanks! My mommy is still at work so I'm worried about her! She works far from home  #pughugs xx oopppp two timing I see ... Nat cool  norris will always be the one ... ALWAYSSSSSSSS ;) you can have mary wish ryan would hurry up from training Oh that's even worse than telemarketers :-( why have i become such a cheap ass with money Cant w8 for my laptop anymore.....need it so badly :-( i think we all knew Niall was actually a little bit heartbroken about Lou yesterday #ThingsICantStand reading our old conversations. NO GRANDMA DON'T DRINK TEA THERE'S CAFFEINE IN THAT WEH shut up that's gross ..I Miss Fat Head Pretty freaked out by the couple who keep staring at me  #creepy saying goodbye is never an easy thing ♪ ... but i have to go to work  ciao! no saddly  x I have a headache :-( I'M GOIN RIGHT TO POPEYES AFTA SCHOOL 
#II FUKN HATE FOREMAN Awww :-( RT  Was gone go to Atl to support Vincent And kenosis but I dont think I'm gone be able.. darrnit I #BELIEVE that you would follow me someday :) it's impossible  i love u so much, and you don't know who i am  ILOVEU➊➒➒➑! I'm a little salty that I can't go to Detroit with my homies  #workcansuckit I need followers ... I have no further ... Bout to get ready for work : ( No Offence but i NEVER wanna be blind or deaf ~ I won't be able to see Justin or hear Justin then  What would I do with my life  &lt;3 x I really wanna go see red tails. Like my lunch? I'm dying  Hate being fat and hate diet. I'm hungryyyyyy :'( I know I want Weezy back ( Haha sowwwwwy me neither daddy :) im hoping to get fucked tonight. I just wish it was by you RT  Finding old diaries is always hard who ever the boys are following please tweet them, DM them and RT my tweets so they all see my video for  i wont give up Squats & lunges KILL  But it'll all be worth it ;) I need to stop bullshiting and get on point with sit ups -___- Your funny! Also apparently kirks gonna get the boot tonight This Sims game is hiding from me I dont think  is following me :-( lol! I'm Losing My Voice I want him to Solvee it  #BACKKstrokes  . Me 2  RT   damn i had my money on Reductive or LDYGA looool I ain't been hiding nd ma fone ain't turning onhaving no weewee doesn't mean you can't be honry! your nipples can get hard! I miss your horny tweets! Got a £55 parking ticket today.  Off to the gym now!  Ugh this is horrible :-( sorry about that. And I would have done none of those things every single time, what is wrong with.me.. Apparently we don't have EEG results because the neurologist hasn't read them yet.  Don't tell me I will know (cont) I'm already going home im really cold :-( but I'm sitting by the fire. how's that work???? i wish i was pretty Tear Stains On My Pillow , Trynna Forget You , Dont Know What Im Gonna Do home now  Back to reality lol!!! I just want someone to talk to f that  ouch..2-0 for me in zwolle..i followed u here and 2-0 here :)) f that lol RT  "I'd rather go blind" on repeat. :-( aww damm frick I want to but know one I know is headin there i get no reblogs on my pictures  fagbags I need to get my appetite back I'm sooo sleepy. I think I ate too much food How im fake? -.- RT  who asked your fakeass?! " Me too  lol RT  I miss kyonnnnn." this is not fun I LOVE YOU BELLA, FOLLOW ME AND REALIZE MY DREAM? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH  7 lots of delicious self-made kimchi in the fridge, but I can't eat it because I still feel a little bit sick I'm sad I won't see you BABYYYYY, I'm here just for the weekend I thinkkk Being pregnant I feel like I don't look right in shit!  I feel so fat && miserable I hate it but I love my baby #Angel &lt;3 :) RT  For almost thirty years now I've been checking the back seat for an ax murderer, and there's never one there. At the pound  all these wittle doggies are so cute I want all of you Didn't get to cake today  lunch was boring without her Yes it is. OH MY GoD I jUST DELETED BEYONCE OF SKY!!!! :-( noooooooo somebody text me #headache please please go away Acho que tô com conjutivite RT  I wont watch #therevolution either It's a shame though cos Ty is such a sweetheart Salam !!!! hope you are good? Miss u   Pray for Ur good health always ♥ ♥ love U loads wen ineed him, he's never there.. nd right bout now ineed him .. ugh My line up is messed up !  hopefully get my best times. :/ oooooh :-( bless you! Init, well bored :-( no money.. Might watch Harry Potter your faveeeee :D xxx Drunk on love, nothing can sober me up Got me workin with this nigga  on this assignment!! I dont want to buy some expensive ass hair thoughhh you not tweeting me tonight rosie ?  xx I have no relax time today empty seat I'm cold  anyone want to share their body heat?  I feel like all my insides are gone ma body aching i aint feeling it today is going on a killing spree  first me then babi when will the horror end!!! Hahahahhaha....oh wait ..i got to.go aswell it's gross outside and i'm bored  #naptime I'm gonna miss my long hair My Legs  :'( ! Im so nervous i have to pee thats fine aslong as its important, i missed todays and yesterdays placements im so bard Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 144 Hahah will try to avoid it!! I'll try not to lose my phone too  xx am i like the only junior on haha?  #brickingit Ewu. Ok  RT  Later RT  So  &  are gonna be in SA in April? Should I die now or later? Dress ore skirt?  Omg, so confusssssssseeeedddd! I miss you already #IHateBreaks Had to go get it cleaned up.. #RIP to #Bambi :-( #PRESSED ass“   I agree and her stans are supposed to be more mature,older & wiser than Nicki fans but nope  lol” My ass “ i want Hershey's cookies & cream” me too! long story short this dude alway assumin that im doin wrong. I cant take it whahhwhahwhah RT  Nunca mais conversei com a  no whatsapp. You'll never walk alone... woooop I'm def coming with niki, we're at mine now! Buuuuuut I have another party to go to so have to split my time :-( sorryyy sooo bored ! Nothing to do at work and the two hot assistants on my side of the office are away  #bored #followback #teamfollowback well it was supposed to be the five of us but Megan Travis can't come  you doing anything nice? Xx lenna allowance ga e ise e tsene  RT   ha ntse o bua ka gore its month end wa nkama...im not yet paid... Cc I didn't see it Southampton withdrawal symptoms How many times have you voted? Because it's not letting me vote anymore!! I be angry than a hoe bro, that shit not natural nobody else gets that mad aww girl.!  i started thinkin about what i told yu last night.. && it just went from there :/ i meant RT not always, or should I say, not everywhere... Keep Picking My Phone Up Expecting A Text.... #KillingMe RT  This is a new year. So say no to synthetic hair its not fair that all my friends get to see their boyfriends every weekend and i dont  #bored aw that sucks  I was wondering why I hadn't seen you at work in forever. I wasn't sure if you quit or what. Lol. :p " same ere too  RT  Ur tryna console urself. :p " Most Smart People Never Have Good Handwritings..... I cant stop thinkin bout him.....i want my bro back I Miss You More hmmm dont know yet vince  either magaluf or malia, booking it tomorrow! :) I know RT  In on a Friday Night = not cool OH NO  RIP RT  Etta James Passes Away at 73 I thought it was to help it though...  I've had a sore throat every month for a whole year!!! #OOC I am so sick...again Omg  I don't even have gym this year! i was gunna see if you wanted to hang out, booo ! Please follow me  You are my inspiration, the person who is always in my thoughts in a few palbras you are everything to me Wearing a hat all day gave me hat hair  #yucky I LOVE YOU BELLA, FOLLOW ME AND REALIZE MY DREAM? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH  6:-(  I doubt that wish I was there,you guyz should ave fun will join u soon :)RT   u missin babes.. Ur ... a little tough on the legs tonight... feeling a bit dehydrated  9.55 km run with a pace of 5'17"/km with Nike+ GPS. #nikeplus Bitte rede mit mir!!!! and your calling me the dafty! Although should have seen the state of my leg yesterday, pen burst in my trousers  xxxxx ill see you later though! No 3G signal in Paulshof! I wonder how Xtina took the news. I'm sure she is devastated. Having a really bad day hey sis i gtg, i'll be back later, talk to ya then if ur here :) COURGETTES GONNA COURGATE.... ahahah that doesnt really work  and yessssh you are lying xoxoxoxox &lt;3&lt;3 no cause you're not "in a relationship" god would frown... Not feeling good now your make up looks horrible & it was so cute! & how you gone cry cause a baby cries?! He was prolly hungry hell R.I.P Uncle Bosco!!! RT  ehem  RT Thaaaaank you! I'm feeling a lot better. Thinking I might have an ulcer.  Hopefully not though! I LOVE YOU BELLA, FOLLOW ME AND REALIZE MY DREAM? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH  12 My son leaving today :-( he'll be bk sunday I wish I got paid today  I'm so broke!! fairrrr doooooose you found the best one! syd said u look different...n i misssss uuuuuuuu chriisssss I kind of object to the fact that I have to work tomorrow “  Hey hun!!!!! Been sooooo sick per usual :-( Missd u tho!!”&lt;--I missed you more it's been quiet with out you No credit till next week  xxx dm the deets x wish we were in the sun! I need to move to america  x Keri hilson stick to writing Dude if you don't end up going to Conestoga next year, I'm gonna be so sad tamz cant come tomorrow guys “ Me too  lol RT  I miss kyonnnnn.”I miss y'all both &lt;33 That waiter looked goodd. But he was in college RT  Rest in peace, Etta James. Its 2small I reckon RT  I aint feeling this no more Maybe I did tear up when I got 2 inches cut off my hair today My house is sooooo cold! yay I'm not the only one who downloaded it! I have a lot of anime opening songs on my ipod though, I'm a total dork Ahhhhh nomore phone till monday, they really don't suit me  and oh cool :) I have no idea, need to get thinking! No plans for today yes like me  I'm a bad creeper Back to Production Floor. Team Meeting please? first time back at contemporary and i have the biggest bruise on my leg!  #welcomebackemma your far from fat missy!!! Need my bum back it's non existent now  cx Head hurting Allah! coffee min ednik they are damn good but, they won't help u sober up @ all Sooo now i gora work on mii bday ugh petty af :-( Good stuff, I woke up on our beautiful central coast, but now at work in Hornsby  Whats happening in Manly ? I feel like a dick.  damn. #sorry What a crazy week. Want to spend today in bed, but have to go help at Kids Camp Back in the fvcking Czech Reblahblic jelllll  tell him I say hey iam trying !!! Yshatys me dejo en R  #foreveralone I heard you are bald  RT  : Oyaa People Should Stop Making A Fun Of Me RT  Sorry  // Wat is er? let's all get dinner or lunch tomorrow. It's my last day home. That sucks I LOVE YOU BELLA, FOLLOW ME AND REALIZE MY DREAM? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH  11 Going to get my fluffy to take her to have surgery  this is awful.. Lastnight I Had A Dream That  &&  Died In A Car Accident i have three next week!  thanks, good luck to you too! & law, geography and psychology! how about you? x RT  I miss my boyfriend My eyes are SO heavy. I wish we were going somewhere  Vacation apparently wasn't in my plan last year. today is my birthday, all I want is that you follow me or notice me  Please make my dream come true ... I Love You :D So tired, don't know how I'm going to work tonight  #exhausted EW twink that's actually gross I called my bestfriend  to tell her how much I missed her, and she didn't answer.. RT   I Miss You More didn't sleep last night cause of the pain  so also tired! In the book series. She ends up as a spirit in Stefan's room. Do you think the tv series will end the same? “  must cost u a fortune! Or do u do that woman thing, leave the label in & take it back?” it does thinks im the worst friend ever i missed You Don't have enough money for baby lips... me tooooo RT  Anyone in Baton Rouge want to #rescue a pup? This group will be put down tomorrow.   #pets #dogs bt sucks Glad the snows melting already. look at how many followers i have compared to you. I called Whole Foods... I didn't get the job :-( I'm sorry I hate having these fights with you What happened??? SOD says ur not coming back  so sad to hear this. just work n school...dont think I forgot you lied to me  you didnt come to the bonfire ( live on so do I  whyy not wit a headache not good wen rock and roll bands on you left me here  WHERE ARE YOU?! esqueceu sim #bubu Where is   :-( LOL shit I aint watch it today tho  you watch today ? Besides, I'm reading my cricket. :D but its a peach? Should be juicy.i just saw 7seaseon 3 season and im seeing 8 yet :0 but i want to see all seasons  why izzie have to die ? Be aware, if you ever watch my videos then I am sorry.. Just don't hug someone else when you happy and only hug me when you need someone to hug Grandma is in hospital for another night. Bit worried the latest transfusion has taken over 5 hours :-( umm yeaa miss u too!  im sad u cant come visit too! Neeeeeed more followers....  RT this for a follow AND a shoutout #FeelingGenerous ♥ Lmfao I'm mad I missed people slippin in the hallway mee tooo ! This sucks I didn't even wanna movee RT  I gained 2lbs  But have lost 3% body fat! :D #ScaleProblems that keeps crashing on me too U said no like my avi was ugly... :-( "  Damn why I got to be asshole" I doubt that Phones right about to die , fuck life RT  Hate it when some nights u have nothing to do, then 2 things happen on the same night Why the people say that Android is Better than iPhone???  i &lt;3 my iPhone shit  RT  i dont think so. obama said tht'll be comeback anytime! RT  SOPA Is Dead, really? *-* I hate missing things Ugh imma miss NeNe & Misha game today don't wanna spam you so I really hope you see this & follow me back  you keep missing me #RockstarForNumber1 x nooo ;( what am I supposed to dooo! Alls I wanna do is hangout. Clearly that's to much to ask worst mood ever. *yimu* RT  :P RT  bt rili.. i'm nt redi to write exam Sugar on the Floor, baby. Sugar on the Floor.    I may break out some Etta James for tomorrow's Zeus playlist. RIP. i know it's like we don't exist I kno  I'm bare crusty ;) Unfortunately i can't let him go so i can move TF on. hate it when things get mixed up and i come out looking like the bad one  things were looking up until now  feel like crap. Because its not my name ffs wish I could.. Probs next weekend! Tell everyone hi:) order somthing for me ;) his fingers  what a lucky pocket I can't, computer has broken I'm about to die. #ergh I want to be asleep. wish I could just chunder so my tonsils will come out, can't breathe  depre legal hojeeeee  JUNTOO CM FOMEEE Fuck math is hard OMFG, ME TOO. OMG. And no, sigh, I got train tickets for 5am so I coyld try get the extra but they aren't doing them now Just found Richard Bauers obit...feeling very old very sad bbl :-( ohhhh  that's ageeessss lol, it's okay, I watched 17 again on the plane, I agree.. It's amazing! Haha xxx in the -20 degree weather??  why? Sorry  no one will get off the fucking computers :-( omg GO DO IT NOW. i was legitimately sad this morning when i watched the beginning of this one because of how sad pauly was I LOVE YOU BELLA, FOLLOW ME AND REALIZE MY DREAM? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH  17 RT  I had a dream that made me not want to get out of bed wish my bestfriend wasn't so far away.i miss him : ( RT  Link  RT  So this is the "Te le mi lo" song. Hmmm . yess!! But I probz won't be goin why is nutella so bad for you London next week with my 2 amazing friends, Litsa &  But Eleni is missing, so gutted she can't come :-( love you Menipoo x RT  So jealous!!!   of me girls meeting the boys again!  girls I'm coming to live with one of you please?♥ 15 mill he has signed for Dortmund  he'd be class in a red shirt aswell, never mind hey what's wrong?  I'm sick, sad times! I hate being sick it's so annoying  x RT  Somebody Need To Marry Me On Facebook Cause Im Lonely My vans are covered in mud and if I wash them they'll shrink on the radiator again Oh noooon English exams make me depressed WHAT'S WROOOONG!?  sending you hugs and kisses xxx someone teach this boy some manners :-( norway!!? what. you cant leave again RIP Enenche Akogwu of CHANNELS TV who lost his life in Kano today iknow  gonny try get texts or something tomorrow too wet to go to the shop tonight neeed a boge omg the toilet is so far away from the couch, well that sucks :-( ant bite!!!!! ouchy sick, sick, sick from working in the cold last night  need soup! And work tonight and tomorrow...God help me.  i hate seeing people hurt and upset Ppl expect me to be perfect  but I'm not sigh And of course today's my best friends bday. Idw b going out & take pics with my face like this :-( it sucks bein at school that long Which one?  Idk im not they didnt ask mee  well tehy did but liek really last minute so like.. ( live on Awe, rest in peace Ms. Etta James iscream that cause its ahh hurtful world boo I do every think for every one I lend them things and all u get in return is nothing Well that was awesome to hear.  #ugh #ruinedmyday I haven't seen it  I should? Arrrgh I feel bad now I haven't even started trying yet. I left my iPad at home Thats very blurry :-( RT   i need a tom joy hug Nee is of coaching and I'm bored RT  Wayne always takes it upon himself to claim those tweets. Lol I didn't know someone at pv died over the break ouch!  done my back in putting washing on the rack ( best get that in quick!)  and a 7yr old boys Bday party to sort for tomorrow..joy! yeah kids missing everywhere. Sucks RT  RT  Sorry  // Wat is er? RT  For almost thirty years now I've been checking the back seat for an ax murderer, and there's never one there. Noooo ... Es injusto now it's cancelled Because of your InStyler video, I bought one from QVC in Nov. love it; yet, they came out with a smaller roller hehe! Ariana hasn't tweeted much lately  ♥ we can be jealous together Oh dear :-( yes I'm so excited! Hehe so when are you having your next then...? :-D liar RT   I love you. I wish he could read my tweets RT  I have a headache I LOVE YOU BELLA, FOLLOW ME AND REALIZE MY DREAM? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH  16Justin no błagam no! I am so disappointed. This is an insult to music “ one  week passed and I miss #OLTL  ”i know the feeling i still miss #AMC I miss you got it but will look at it tomor babe bb is playing up  xxx dude I want you to host with me again sameeeee! And drizzy  I wanna see  and  nowss! Its nuts thinking this time last year me and  were all excited that we were going to see  in a few months RT  somebody text me The sun is making my head hurt more I tweeter that in life span but you didn't get it What's up? xx I don't wanna go to North Carolina. 2nd February at 9am, eep. Gotta go a writing task, group interview, and individual interview too lol yes..but he's not living in my town and I miss him soo much..!! so sad. Legends leaving this earth all the time.  “ #AudreyHepburn died 19 years ago today. #RIP” salaamu alaykum akhi I am a chelsea supporter and I will miss u  have a great time in shanghai  all the best insha Allah aw, sorry   what didn't you like? oh dear, how did that happen?? :-( RT  Woke up feeling like shit  Going to the doctor's...  I hate this kind of stuff. " 3 is a crowd jorRT Flint_Knight: Lemme join too na! " Chilling wif Mz_douegho tomao yaaaaaay can't wait"" It's my last day of the semester. Aka last day in  class  #bestteacher Do you know something? Mexico needs you, and not only Puebla #ThingsICantStand seeing U with Him RT  somebody text me RT  everyday i wish i could sing...every day. My teef hurt so bad  #bracefaceproblems i'll stop saying niall is a pedo? ;) Dog got a picture of me and dragged it across the floor all I want to do is go home. OMG! I can't wait for #BELIEVE..my only wish is that u follow me but it isn't possible because you don't know that I exist really not helping myself with looking at pictures of this particular person....... SIGH my stomach is killing me Sounds like a good idea! :-(  RT  Tevez's move to PSG appears to have collapsed with PSG chief Leonardo just revealing an agreement has not been found and may never be Sad enough... AvrilHealsOurHearts is NOT a TT in The Netherlands  Okay try tomorrow! Broadband is being put in our house on wednesday me to, that is so mean! He almost gave heather cornell an I.S.S! Because she asked me a sometihng! I am scared to go back. aww poor courgettes  I am not lying I can promise you xoxoxoxoxox &lt;3&lt;3 my neck and back hurt so bad  i need a massage so badly RT  I miss Katherine ALOT. where is SHE.  #TVD I want to see but im not allowed to Pity up yo swagg RT  toto4shizzle   sha I failed.. yeah ah ahhhh! Oladele! You remembered me? Long time baby. Around o. Just that you forgot me.  how are you btw  " " I duno why I still miss him" « Don't chase just replaced B)" «Replacing aint that easy though Hot water bottle for me I feel shit  xxx Who's awake ?! It's so wonderful oh my god :-( I was under the same impression, 31m I thought it can't get any better then this  . FUCKING MORON --&gt; I hate snowdays. I would have rather had an early out. #nothingtodo #losing n'aww ikr  at least it's the weekend now (: headache fanks will get mum to look but we are in uk so probably wouldn't want me i didnt see you im sorry wish i was in Va With Nigerian Nepa U watch 1 season film for 3weeks OMG yes we do!!! OMG it is a sad day today! I'm singing #IRatherGoBlind now :-( Actually finding it hard too walk in the pain my leg is giving me Wish today was actually my friday.. Don't want to work tmrw Understood   I would feel like you do too. Hard to be resilient against hurtful comments, no matter their source. “1912: 
The Titanic Sunk.
2012:
a cruise ship sunk 
How totally coincedental.” Off to X-ray  #poorlittleerica not the last one  if so I didn't get it LOOL what does your pin start with :$ & I wanna fly to narnia, come with me Fed Up  #Bored RT  #thingsicantstand burning my tongue on coffee Oohhohhhhhhh! I have really not seen a lot of Python. It's tragic. Oooh Monday definitely it wouldn't be fair on ye like to leave it any later I miss you too  RT  I hate when  works all day  i miss her can't beleive i've been pronouncing google chrome googe shrome...  i know  it is easier to figure me out since i just tell stuff lmao I so need to get this startup action started #LOL would go to #devTO but the next ones are all filled I know. Bad bad times That's not how it seemed yesterday   #mixedemotions right now I'm watching cricket but I'm actually half asleep, just wanna go home  & u pretty lady RT  If you have no shame then do as you please, but if you fear Allaah, then fear the fire, Fire whose fuel is men and stones!  Scarrryyyy that is on,now?which channel?I would if i were you... they never come to Norway ether  but i hope we both do see them one day :) x Side note, being at Victoria makes me sad. Someone take me to see Wicked again  #wahhh little bitch got no respect for me, she use to fear me now she don't  maybe its cause I don't hit her, she gon' learn today nooo I have a good excuse Aww did you! Yeah wasn't as good, the first one still freaks me out, back of the ankles snipped  x history revision at school tomorrow, gah dont want to go you are sooo missed here! &lt;/3 You Suck...lol I probably got like a 30.. i've been waiting 6 months for him to follow me  #OOC  what's wrong? ..I hope you feel better. please get back together,your children would be SO hot aww but i wasn't lying then i swear! :D and awww same, i need my cuddle buddy to fall asleep on ;) haha, plus i'm cold it's a virus :-( xx I know but I have a C in math & she's probably gonna put our chpt 5 test as a grade in qtr 3..meaning its gnna stay a C I'm hungry now it's understandable...I don't know how to make paki teaI didn't mean to send that! :L nothing to clarify  xx ahaha, gutted! what you banned from Mommy just told me about that accident on Boston ave i miss  alreaddyyyy this is sad! Ur own family are u worst enemies at times and now the public has turned on  smh not right Awww  what about Walmart? youuu pwomisedd RT  lastnighttttttt & todayy &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; straight arguements smh my feet hurts Another homework weekend  damn Yu seeing what   is doing.. This one isn't love again oo.. RT   que emboleeeeeee it'll ban porn : will you make sure i don't lose my pants?  i lose them all the time I wanna go out and play in the snow, build a fort and go in there to hang out all day just lke when i was a kid i'd like to do it for ya!! :) come back in Paris then i can do it!! haha i miss you Im flirting with a cold My hip is killing me. -___- lmfaoooo sted stop I know :/  oh well another 60 weeks work and we'll have graduated LOL Shit day, shit mood we r on a diff lunch x mcds wil have to wait  x lol x #pause RT  haha I saves the other on my phone! Creepy? RT“  RT   you changed your pic back. Wahhhh! My feet are colllllllllld  #teamfollowback #ifollowback #instantfollowback Fuck I wanted to so something tonight but have to work Saturday.  : ( #lifetax I'm finally done w/ hw, essays, presentations etc. :D but I have finals next week and I'm so not ready yeah little maggit I was thinking tequila but no tequila partner   x lmao i know me too! but i don't wanna look like a nerd  lol ikr!? I'm home now Missin My Sugarfoots Already No Cass...I wish I did that instead it is :D and i just got out the shower love  xxx didn't get in to nottingham  ughhhhhh hate life! I dont wanna turn 37 in Feburary Wish I could pull girls  haha really hate to see someone I care so much about hurting Wtfffffff  I just want to cry and sleep.  But this be the shit Nazif go talk me?? I'm hurt Hate getting woken up katieeee why you no reply to me? hahahaha. I wish I could sleep now They had ledos The council seem to be creating holes in my road this week i cant! house phones being broke & mine is too What's wrong with you? RT  LMFAO  RT  My husband RT  Who is Davido? : ( sooo did I :'( RT  #ThingsICantStand SPCA commercials " I wonder how Alexis is doing.. :/" Ikr *jumps out of 9th floor north tower window* RT  “ My freaking brother has an iPhone  ..I'm losing dawg.” fyl lmao pike has no open seats Damn, gettin frost bite from the cold attitudes in the A. Missing the Cali warmth :-( Yes! Tell him to drug hisself up! RT  Wildout Fridays wont be the say wit him not there  #getwellnow lol aww :-( I didn't even cheat either! xxx PLEASE FOLLOW ME , I MAKE SO MANY TWITTER ACCOUNTS TO TRY & GET NOTICED BUT NOTHING SEEMS TO WORK are you aware that Etta James passed away today? u b ducking me  nd ithought it was love That moment when you can't feel your teeth think it was, so disappointed in myself! How was toad in a hole, worth refusing hot chocolate? Haha Guess I will never get married after looking at jo's situation. How to? Jo's so much better than me yet she's getting shit. What abt me? want to tell you what i think, but i know i'll regret it Oh : ( Disapointing. I was looking forward to reading a thread on that after you had pulled out the pin and thrown the grenade dog farts are like toxic waste! laaaaishiing ??  7leelying wow  I'm changing it back on Monday!!!!!! RT   R.I.P.   Her music will live forever  RT  Sad news for music fans. Blues great Etta James has lost her ... shoot. I might be there w you. I just had something to tell her  lol oppa apa kabar?? :) what are u doing now?? I can't sleep  please take a rest.. Nite & nice dream.. Love from indonesia ^^ Placed the huge bag of food in the kitchen, went into my room & then I hear a crash. All my fries from Wing Stop fell on the ground. Sad hahaha ok pick facebook or twitter cause i have no credit “ Yas  are trending- its been a while” not for a good reason but Sat watching racketball &squash. So bored!!! Can't believe I'm going to say this but wish I was at the gym :-( dance??? I look as though I'm having a nut allergy-esque spasm RT  Follow  , hij is klein ☺ - " If your index toe crosses over your BIG TOE..... Cut your foot off"   I have a problem RT  #ff  cos no one else bigs me up  #selfpity Loved te punch! Feel bad for Damon though  #TVD On my way to work and I feel like shit. I wanna sleep so nasty This headache suckssss ayeeeee...  if u were beside me right now..i would have u on my bed oredy! xDD #joking!!!! Since morning  RT  Aww..*kisses*RT  Cc  RT " #MentionTo your best ... UGH!!! RT  I have second lunch! ;) RT  I'ma have 2nd lunch next semester My mom wont get me Subway I'm gonna miss you too bridezilla :-( " oh hw Im goin to miss her......my maid-of-honour leeray_simmons" opo baby yeah  she was so great. At last reminds me of my grandma so much miss from seein youu : ( we hardly talk according to  your the farther to my baby? I'm either pregnant or on my period  #Help Hehe...what are you doing there?" ABUJA   urghhhhh" return words jedward! domaaage RT  so so so so so so hungry  and waiting for  to get out of the gyyyyymmm &lt;|3 Your updates are great! Unfortunately, I didn't have any reception while I was in line at the CE Centre Me too. And I cancelled a date tonight to see her. Double oh yeah, I applied for that but didn't get in because of my parents' income...boo ive got my guitar exam on wednesday  ( live on I Just Can't Accept This :'( I Truly Thought I Had A Chance! But No I Didn't  I Hope So But It's A While Away xxx lol. Relevant. You're so close to me!“  LOOL Wtf's Going On Here?”&lt; LOOL I DUNNA I WAS HALF AWAKE Why can't I get warm today?!? It's freezing in my office Oh cmon PJ I'm making work more entertaining for you hmmm 2 for the price of 1 hey?? I'll think about it! Oh my god really?! Only thing is I would have noone to go with  booo. Xx knowing i have to leave the warmness of the break room, and go down to work  #sadpanda I know, he had millions of followers so I thought it was real, cos I don't usually do comps...I was gutted but very angry I lost my comb! You'd think that, but they just appear? I think it's some awful curse  haha Phone battery is already to 60%  #ughhh Hey,  &  , are we doing anything tonight? Please  I don't want to have anymore emotional breakdowns. RT  I wish i had a bf to chill w. After my last class today RT  Spring 2012 Katy Perry will be releasing new material. This is the last year we work together Lol RT  I made a joke about a chick with a mustache and in the group a chick had a mustache " F'd myself up sk8'n last night. Out of service for a few days." oh noooo The chances of you dying on your way to stake your lottery numbers is greater than your chances of winning it. Due to the weather, all Club Layton activities tonight are being canceled.   Stay warm and safe! Having a beer at the airport bar to make up for not being able to fly to  today! Poor growly wuffs without bunnies  sad my mum said I can't sleep yet  dying right now.  pq  ? ur still no following me   xx grrr! Sky should have an app what lets you watch what is on your box you're hair is so gorgeous! Is it natural or extensions? I'm so jealous  xx Oh lordy, I think I just unintentionally flashed my philosophy class...I guess I gotta stop low riding when I have a Wedgie At this rate, she's gonna be sticking some pretty long needles into my neck. I didn't get to see the whole end of the movie "The Help" cut my hair RT  I hope  doesn't hate me for not coming to school today.... Not again LOL tweet of the nite RT  Lmao RT  I wish babies had subtitles i have A Is For Accident but not on CD  and yes i do have physical copy of EE I wish The Blackout were coming to Leeds :-( I'm so excited for yours and marvins wedding :D I'm not even going  please follow?? 4th hour is amazing with you. :) Feel better. well your the one thats being a meany RT  I smell dust as i breathe  can't stand this dry dusty weather :@ Got to love it, it's a perfect day. Where am I going? WORK Im sick of how I always try make the convos and you still talk to me like you cant be ass to talk to me  &lt;3 "RIP Etta James" WHAAAAT?  She was a legend among legends. people who are just naturally beautiful inside and out I see  unfollowed me #backatchya RT   ahhhh, i miss u guys though  our singing LOOL xxx oh dear what happened I miss my friend Hate it when tattoos scab over. They look so ugly. &lt;&lt; this image saddens me  #Partizan ya she reli worked that arm:L ugh it sucked  2A's 3B's a C and a D, I think that ws it anyway :/ into the fire it goes ;) you dont work today right I guess I will be still in the line ehauehuaehea to com sdd tb asmor omg, I just got your tweet  Where are you now? all alone to enjoy to this boring holidays Woke up at 11, set my alarm again for 11:30, woke up at 3. Won't let me watch because of copyright issues Aww, I'm sorry love  text meRT   good luck with what? I'm not allowed out because my parents suck ass!!!!!!! Work sucks yeah working on it, but it's looking slim...big event at work that weekend yeah and I'll I've been doing is laying in my bed crying I love my bed I don't wanna leave it honey I'm off to football now so I can't reply to your text  but I will do as soon as im back sweetie :)have a lovely evening Almost suspended..? #badass but #Ididntstabanyone Where have you been all my life?  #yourehot! RT  How can you live without  I mis you too!!! I'm at work... :-( I'm doing taxes again this year. I hate not having plans on a friday night ..officially  alone in the 215 Feeling crappy ill RT  Sarah please don't gooo  can't wait to find that perfect manhattan house that slides into our budgets,I will hunt for it!#downdubstown awwww :') I feel bad leaving  but monday we'll definetly have a vent sesh :) I'm sorrryyyy lovieee. Try and smileee! No se rían, mi Ipod me hiere. no lol my tummy is burning  rub it? I just remembered that I have a ton of homework this weekend.  starting with my three page Spanish essay. you went wiv salma anika somewhere and left me with nazmin  and so I thought you was going graphics club,don't blame me. Stomach is killing me + so cold! Just kill me already!  it feels like a havent seen  in years , waaaaah .  &lt;/3 I wish that I was able to get tickets to the Stockton show for  but I can't  jalksdjf D: I'm sorry  next time. &lt;3 I hate johns parents -_- they caused hell for me this morning P.S. I want a Hello Kitty guitar  :) think you mean jordan stewart, sorry I missed you today im not even going :-( There apparently is no God ... :-( Soooo my babe wanted to leave today.... Tear   BYE Deion!!! so hard choosing food to eat when your lactose intolerant! Missing chocolate and cheese this is upsetting me and I'm sorry i know this sucks :'( -psh you're allowed to do weird accents when we hang out but you won't join me on twitter?! #lame dude! I know! It flops around! " missing game against liverpool tmoz  was looking forward to it hopefully they get a win" « whyy u right *hangs head in shame*  lol Yesterday my English teacher said "sneaked" instead of snuck. If you can't trust a English teacher who can you trust with proper grammar One direction are in cardiff this time tomorrow night...and I will not be there  #sadtimes SMH!!" :'(  plss!" Neva :p RT  Pls follow back!:)" Omo lowo RT  WHO IS DAVIDO ???""" I hate bein at the doctor by myself I hate that!  &lt;\3 it's like, "if you have to chose me to make fun of, you must have a pretty boring life." Had a dream that I ate cookies, woke up and no cookies. FUCK Black Guy stalking me in Walmart....... where is  when you need her? Someones unhappy wah  it was super unexpected !! RT  Grrr why can't he just be home already!!!!ughhh agreed  I wish I wasn't always busy cause I feel like we never have time to hang anymore :/ Nice looking guy, sexy car...then i looked at his shoes don't delete your twitter :-( .....i would miss you terribly....please don't :-( I'm never eating again l swear. The worst part about the doctor is weighing fußball is doof! she passed when I was almost 7 but member it like it was yesterday follow?? might be my last time trying ........ loosing hope.... byby you said you didn't even like rihanna! Ooo I wannna see beyonce RT  Mn bb gaat dood I have a problem with my acount. "Sorry, operation failed because of an internal error, we have been notified" :-( Buurrrrr....it's cold in this room This old episode of Degrassi reminds me of my cousins wedding Bad mood.. sick of having this headache Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 150 Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 149 #Catching fire was sad... Onto #mockingjay I don't want them to end Yep  I was like 150 mining and 90 digging too. Not sure what happened so sad to hear that wizards of waverly place is ended Throwing up ... 
Not something I want to be doing right now 
#fml Baby, please love me one more time i hear ya sister, i just recently got diagnosed with IBD Omg.. I'm sorry for your loss  ... Why she did it? &lt;/3 I rem them, only special people got those not me!    #unlucky PleasePleasePleasee Follow me?? ❤ Sorry but I don't know how else to get your attention!  ILY soo soooo much! ❤ 2 NOTICE ME !!!! I am Jasminator ♥ !! &lt;3 RT  ♥ You are my inspiration !!I always write and even a RT  38 Awww. Sorry to hear about ur misfortune. :-( I know a good lawyer though. Seriously, sorry to hear about ur afternoon. SO WRONG!!!!!!!  RT  This is just wrong RT  Since I'm Not in Kano, It Doesn't Concern Me.. ¯\..(•͡.̮ •͡ )../¯ listening to some black eyed peas! great music, gets me in the mood to go out! shame im not  #toetapper I knooow everyone has all this exciting stuff going on... No water in these halls till further notice, absolute nightmare. OMDG!! NOT THE DUTCH FINN!! It Makes Me So Sad , Tht I Gotta Leave You Alone ( Neyo Voice ) RT  sister treating me out! but we  to help us w|the channels  haha (Checked in at Granny's Closet) Game is canceled  #boo Read my response to "I'd love to be friends with you  ": I love yoga but certain styles actually inflamed the bursitis yea.  oh well. we got Kiss 925 &lt;3 درت وفازت علي Whats wrong? no  RT  SOULD I DELETE MY TWITTER ACCOUNT? Whoop. Got the Keratin but now my hair is all greasy looking and I can't but it up yet ... lol I think its on serena's bb :p btw .. I saw a dead squirrel on the road the other day, my heart broke  💔 Sorry babe, I can't watch  I'm not home and through my Iphone I can't watch twitcams  &lt;3 I'm tired of the lies & I'm tired of the games. I want you. I would be there in a heartbeat if you said you want me too... 18:18 she didnt hear me WE MISS YOU TOO oooh haha :) I'm on my iPhone too now :) love it! It's so cold  xxx they put me on hold.. Awe! Damn I miss   I'm listening to surprise me! Ya Allah,i'm watching 28 weeks later. I'm so scared. Masya Allah No, it's with the girl who's mum died and Dad now has cancer  #iplayercatchup ginge x I regret my tongue percing! Too mech traffic nn confirmaram , rally's slave for life AHHHHH i didnt know 90210 started this week. still shocked liam got hit by a car por q te ríes ???  # ForeverAlone :/ FUCK!! No earphones and I have to get the 7 I'm sorry baby  text me now. How's it been? I've been super busy at work. 15-18 hour work days for the last 3 weeks+ All these breaks hahaha they wouldn't even take me RT  I miss my friend Back to the office RT  omg no Sherlock on Sunday, makes me sad IT'S TOO HARD TO GET NOTICED BY YOU  BUT #NEVERSAYNEVER RIGHT ?21 oh! That's rubbish I've never fallen for the unobtainable! I'm sorry that I can't really empathise  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx My belly feels all weird omg yes, a kid in my year at school plays 'Johnny' in it, and he had his number but he wouldn't give me it. :-( xx My mom booked the week before you! and now you probably think I'm a dumbass stomach ache my Friday is yet to over  “ weekend izzz on...:)”  i know  sad couple of months Yugoslavia seemed awesome....until everyone decided to start killing each other : ( bollocks  wanted to propa' manipulate that! we haven't had Corinne and Frankie's Friday evening of fun in ages This banana is so cold. there were some differences tho... miss daphne is not at the front desk anymore  its some white bitch I rather spend this day at the park with my bf and dog. Not at work so red  #helpmeimscared Have to wake up at 7 tomorrow!! She doesn't want me, she just wants my penis. I feel played RT  Here goes two weeks alone  #findmeinthecave #gaminghard #crying oh dear :-( make sure your suspension is replaced lol i wanted to do it this year, but I'm going america in the summer! Not knowing what to do.... coco  how are you ?? miss u so much why you both no text me back  #nofriends It is the end of story ? ... :P PleasePleasePleasee Follow me?? ❤ Sorry but I don't know how else to get your attention!  ILY soo soooo much! ❤ 1 ours wasn't even show that!!!  and 7 marks for finding stationary points of x^2e^x-2xe^-x/4 I can listen to her all day  RIP Etta James #contraband was great but i can't wait to go see that new denzel movie #safehouse ....need a date thoughJohn is kray ; it's common sense that if anything happens to Kobe's kids it would affect him . && I don't need nothing else to effect him No hockey for me this weekend Headache Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 155 there will be no Fat Lip I miss my babe  ... wahhhh i miss you too !  we need to have a reunion sooon! awww bless you  I've been in bed for like 4 days lol, feeling pretty shit! Just have to get on with it I guess!  x  RT   with regards to these bombings, I ve great respect for security personnel..esp d ones at d gates. They r usually d first to go gettin ready to go over my gma house & keep her company, the funeral is tommorrow i'm not!! someone knocked  3jeba @ pin it up 22CC01CA lost all me contacts  #quivsonly Sadly this cleaner thing was a joke made up by Louis We Miss you Ate bosa's last night by myself like a fat ass I'm getting sick too  my little brother got me sick  boo. Right before the weekend too I know it. It's just horrible. The details he told Tuesday are haunting. Poor sweet girl pfff I miss my baby too Rain = bad hair night. when people try to ruin the magic i did to get  and  back together &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; fucking die I miss this! finite I don't have the patience or strength to be in work today.... 😲😲😲😲😁😁😁 blaahh Oh man my legs hurt Dude that sucks  I haven't been to schoo since tuesday hahaha My Baby Has Left Me For The Weekend : ( . trees save lives so hope DENR will stop allowing it heart 2 heart with my girl makes me realise how i miss things You & me both! Seems to be an on going problem. It's so hard to get a tweet back off  never mind a follow  x PleasePleasePleasee Follow me?? ❤ Sorry but I don't know how else to get your attention!  ILY soo soooo much! ❤ 10 Aww poor baby Etta James passed away today nãoo  win! No more #SOAP  You meanies. Now everyone will be icky. that's My shittt. I gotta catch up when i get home cause i dont get showtime at school That's true. it gives me a bad feeling IT SEEMS LIKE EVERYONE IS MEANT TO BE TOGETHER EXCEPT YOU AND ME Like!!! haha wish this was facebook  x I know I miss you too  how's it going at white rose!? You enjoying it? Xoxo RT  RIP Etta James. Truly voice of a woman. Truly an inspiration. i want to see  breezy girls & boys &gt;_&lt;   #kejs  one #curse one #slickone #dhonmez #venice #imagination #aphryl #vlync Wow I fucked that up pretty hard. Ion feel good :-( Disappointed that I can't go to the gym today  but otherwise, I'm in an Edge Of Glory kinda mood. I love games and playing games but I just don't have enough time nowdays  I hope I get same gaming done this weekend :) I just want to justin follow me lol its been months since i seen yuh  we gotta do something... yuh know i love the strip club ;) lol No progress, I still don't feel good. " Shatap , I mean you ! RT  I understand ;) " &gt;&gt;&gt; *RT  Boobs &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"" Awhhe  I know. *air hug* IT'S TOO HARD TO GET NOTICED BY YOU  BUT #NEVERSAYNEVER RIGHT ?22 I want a teddy bear for valetines day!! yeah sorry...  saturday night? where in the world is  ???? is he alive???? has he been at school???? wth??? im lowkey saddened RACIST ! I took offense to that  lol jk * I've never been so hungry in my life If you have some time can everyone please say a prayer for all my nephews. Most of them are running fevers right now and not feeling good I am SOOO sorry  lol I want some frozen yogurt. * - No Game For Me Tonight : ( Really?! That's very funny! I looked at wool today but Mr B wouldn't let me buy it because he said we could get it cheaper &gt;_&lt; i am facken tired ... i am falling asleep People are unkind I miss talking to my grandmother and step-mother :-( they were the only ones who always made me feel like the most handome boy in the world. missing my wifey  I know  I wnna make some I just had a sad weird dream 18:18   #iMissYall  &lt;3 RT  I Misss NEW YORK #ThingsICantStand having no money thinking bout her  RT  Just heard Etta James died 
Raise a glass folks, that was one awesome voice. RIP Etta. x Really want some pancakes yeah  I'm bringin back souvenirs tho 😁😁 My eye sight got worse.. it suckssss we just got back too haha. I already just wanna be in Michigan My power saver has been turned on missed you at dancing  you coming back to  ours on wednesday cos i will teach it to yoyu if you want?!! xxx this guy stole from me   skip to 5:40  Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 154 so no one wants to go to OVACs with me!?   is only cat that wants to be my friend today...  efff you all    RT  RIP Etta James! : (  - Blues To The Bone - The Sky Is Crying:  via RT  When all of your plans go down the gutterrrrr RT   donde estas?  que haces?  porque no me contestass :'( contestaameee :'''''( I need you bitch PleasePleasePleasee Follow me?? ❤ Sorry but I don't know how else to get your attention!  ILY soo soooo much! ❤ 9 Etta James NOOOOOOOO!!! What the heck man we keep on losing GREAT PEOPLE! i swear little people beat me up in my sleep, i'm so soooore not looking forward to the snow storm 
WAHHHH Morkel drops it! :-( why aren't you in school? Megaupload RIP iTried Dat Already Lol
But Idk I Juss Need Some Color So iCan Look Beautiful Again :) Lolwow & you never said anything  lol my biological clock sometimes get funny when I've flu ... Now I am kinda sleepy *yawns ~ Ugh I'm actually so Jel of couples that are proper inlove with each other GN #3 I haaaaaaaaaate not having an artistic talent. I have so many ideas, but cant execute. oh god i alarmed @ 4 and i still missed the tweets of 1d :-( Aw one of my favorite kids at my job had a headache today Lol sitting in the caf alone as usual! So sad!! i wanna go to the mall soo bad It's sooooooo cold today  me no like well have got to work tomorrow  but only till one then any know what were doing the rest of the day. Lol xx they only get worse aswell :-( we've fucked it hahahha .. Rest in Peace Hopeton found some really pretty prom dresses :-) but i want to try them on first so i can see what they look like I wont get 2enjoy it 
 Students could be riding on a shuttle bus to get around campus as early as the end of this semester. It doesn't matter how hungry I am, I always take an hour when I eat. N its becoming a problem I hate thar  tweets are private, cause I can't retweet her Nae Nae! Our #EttaJames is gone!!!! Oh the days of us riding with my mom listening to her  Sweet childhood memories!!! All the good twitter names are taken  #firstworldpains Fucck I look short as fuck My throat hurts Cant keep being like this I'm afraid my budget only allows for free. RT   wish you came to Newcastle  x Awww u fell  poor u! Yep I'm singing away! I'll put some vids on YouTube soon+let u know ;) xxxxxx same  hate it when they replace characters! Mmmm he was gorjj I don't know what ur referring to. Wahhh RT  Your having a baby and your a baby yourself fuck it wah I'm already going bowling  what time?!  Nooooooooooooooo. You can't leave BioWare. yes! mom just sent me a picture of the rain in roseville   take me homeeeeee me too.. not gonna get them today tho  xx sorry I haven't been on much lately it ran and her white thread turned pink. RT “ I'm Supposed To Be Messing With  Right Now In Class LOL” i know right RT  I have the worst headache No more BBM back to mxit :-( But .. but I wanna troll someone  until emo mode kicks in. noo  bt I wanted to ! Bt next game im there !! Chalk it up to a bad day there. Perhaps call it a bad week.  Future tweets will be of more substance &lt;3 How are you?? Totally forgot abt the choir night vigil tonight I'm convinced my tummy and Mexican food aren't the best of friends I can come just don't have a team Irene, you misplaced the '_nl' lol. That account doesn't even tweet but took my name so I'm stuck with mouseblossom_nl :-( xo can u just tell me ur coming to the middle east ?  #nsn we're waiting Believe Tour To Middle East :-( “ Missing 8 Mile for family night  #FML #Eminem”but it's been such fun #greaselightning #behappy please? they changed our flights which means we have to pay an extra 100 each for a hotel for 2 nights Bored pah pah!  did you get french homework??... ahh that's lame!  the yoga pants I wanna wear are covered in dog hair so unless I can figure out how to remove it jeans it is aww cant believe im bloody allergic to everything  .. food is becomming soo boring yessss :-( Left my ipod in my locker, noooo So mad i lost my fav earring I wish I had a magic wand that I could wave and would record #hustle for me tonight   failing that there is always iplayer :) But if you have some.. please DO NOT FIX IT , you make me laugh every single day without your joke.. life is not funny broke my heart in half , threw if on the floor & stepped on it nah i miss you more i completely forgot what i wanted to tell you! Hate that feelin where you think you've found somethin that would make you really happy,but turns out to be somethin completely different Missing my Mom really bad right now   #comebacksoon I wish for better days &gt;.&lt; RT  i miss my babe like crazyyy &lt;3 18:18 aki babes jus seen ur tweet..  yu should have texted..which other day is gud for yu?? I need a massage. My body is sore RT RT  When My Parents leave its a rap  ima go insane --house party? &lt;-- Nope I'll have the kids #oomf never txtd me back sorry my phone died and my dad made me change it over so he could watch football  boo! yes  &gt;:o :'( RT  casais no twitter:::::::::PAREM POR FAVOR Not Gon Make It Through The Day yea there are many of those :L nooooooo don't go  you won't be able to talk to me about crap if you go  x  I WANT TO GO I hate that in all my art history classes, I feel so underdressed. #forfashionyouneedmoney #targetdontcutit please follow me. I can't live without you  ♥ #MuchLove ♥ :) is it how you normally have it? But just short Can't get paid for value miss you. :-( RT  Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_- My mom doesn't spoil me like she used too sorry i can't reply to your text, my phones literally just broke. i actually want to die  have fun at ed sheeran tomorrow :D that not Jenna Keck diz:
   I'm single and havn't gotten any in so long    
 C4   diz:
 nao fica triste *  kkkk tell meeeeee wats ya plan i had a weibo since 2010 i think hehe thanks to   i dont see her anymore sobs WHYYYYYYYYYY  -breaking dawn- Tails are devices of amusement! ...Why can't I have one? aah tia ninguem fala comigo Aw, this song reminds me of the summe no I'm. Not the bar is closed this evening  #naeginDat jus made me sad I wanna be "hood" you guys  Lol i'm trying everyday, hoping for some vip ones, i gotta meet him! :-( and yeah it's good thing you can meet people on concerts But...RT  Did what? RT  Who? RT  :/ RT   RT  Edda James Pasted Away. ! R.I.P baby, Check your facebook inbox... messenger be whyling RT  Sunglasses and advil... Last night was mad real... --- wish i was there. you know i mustve been real sick to miss out  lol I'm thinking the same thing about my boots Aww  Ima miss you too Shay!! I'll be at the school in the morning though. I'll try to see you.  I don't know what I would do if you follow me :D NOTICE ME, I EXIST YOU NEVER SEE ME! YOU NEVER FOLLOW ME! I'M CRYING!  #NSN Thanks joolz.. i feel like shit for trying to get mam to talk all the time. feel like a bully. : ( that girl disappeared ever since she entered uni  i miss her RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much And I'm also really dizzyyyy sorry that I'm being stupid  I just like you. there isn't anything more for me than you. no big deal, I have bbm tooo! barely anyone has a #blackberry anymore.  #blackberrygirlproblems - Christmas Lebrons Joint ' & Uu Alwayss Needdd Help RT  need help .I know I'm sorry.  ugh!! Don't make me feel bad, i hate cramps My eyes hurt so bad we let you take it out hahaha i hate you so much ANGELA blijf pleasee!!  #TVOH RT      agreed and all my niggas in the same class Omg shut up Etta James passed away? NOO. I loved her. Brushed my teeth and then I realised I have a bag of minstrels omg i have 7 pieces of homework and still like 30 topics to revise. all i want to do is sleep :-( Hopefully he won't be crappy for this then I saw your status about Core 3 man. Im sure you haven't failed dude just be positive. I made quite a few silly mistakes as well I know!!! This one was an arc tour I had forgotten about. But its seriously injured so I doubt I'll be able to read it. NOTICE ME !!!! I am Jasminator ♥ !! &lt;3 RT  ♥ You are my inspiration !!I always write and even a RT  36 My arm hurt ask Jim if we got it and that you want it. Look at the CA review of Glory too. Don't think he planned to order them at all i never got it bro  but i can't tonight anyway lol i'm bored too  i wanna talk Karma's a bitch, Right? &lt;3 gah they were so good on Saturday  &lt;/3 gym was freakin awesome. im sad af that im going to health now I'm so hungry and I won't be able to eat til 7:30 :-( If ppl who smoke  only knew how thin is every air sac thats N our lungs.We should make da bst of thishealthy body 2make a+change #Reflect okey  tgh try RT    empty seat Its so sad this guy needs to hurry up. It gets harder for me to offer advice & support when all you ever do is ignore it. I feel terrible for Pam! :/ Geez Louise! Pray for her poor baby you're probs right though I need to accept the fact Santa has hibernates for another year WHAAAAAAT!  #crying it didn't show up on my twitter either so I had to book regular price. JONGENS. I DON'T CARE ABOUT TVOH. Noone has mentioned me in a #ff in like a month shh, i do my best ;) I wish Worst day ever! My car door wouldn't shut so i had to hold it closed with a rope while i drove! Grrrr. HAHA... I'm going through my stuff on fanfic net. I've stuff all over the place too Thanks BD, I'm sure it will be gone before work on Monday! xx Using laptop to charge my itouch lol ! Wish I had my earphones :-( cheer up! RT  I want tickets to see One Direction so bad i just have the biggest headache and so much homework to do Ok. Im leaving now  Dw go sia Thanks a lot snow.  #fb Good Bye Facebook 4 ever....... #ThingsICantStand when people crack their necks,fingers ect JOwhwvabsvs Apparently no one. its snowing RT  #imissthedayswhen we would get hammed on school nights, to wake up at 7 and hope we have a snow day so you can get drunk again and sled.. I have so much homework Oh my God my birthday's over. I woke up like : IT'S MY BIRTHDAY :D and it's already over I don't like that one omg yeah.. he was walking like a drunk nooo q dia chatooo no se que poner de fondo en twitter who just RTd my last tweet?? my phone wont let me see  tweet me! x ohh it works. and unfortunately I do know you  #dangit without me “ RIP Etta James. A phenomenal woman responsible for some of the most beautiful music of all time.”  &lt;/3 Terrible news... Legend  “ ETTA JAMES?!? NOOOOOOOOOOO” aww abby, I'm sorry. jut lay down when you get home Never mind - I sound completely unfriendly now!!  See you in April. shorted our chimale order! Ordered 5 & only got 4. wats that box? ... No iphone  lol Can't decide on a dress Want reaaaaally long hair at wrk ! I want to see my girlfriend, it's been since Wednesday Toooooo jealous of how well my bestfriend can sing They didn't :O Go complain lolums. What did you get? I haven't had a KFC in yonks Sounds alot more fun than mine broke stay at home No idea I'll have to book a weekend off so probably not until March/April  xx  I don't have your number Awe  
No follow-back?? i heard you're sick  , i hope you get better sis :-* :/ oooh ok kyomi said we were going to b ditched  x but there is space for you either way lovie xxxx RT  I MISS MY BAE Bahhhh c'est pas liège  ( live on LOL now u cant see the pic cause u ded Cos of wat he said RT  Huhn? Y u cryn? RT     RT  Y u sad? U aint part ... (cont) My Britty Britt hurt her little nose..  get better soon my love!! NOTICE ME !!!! I am Jasminator ♥ !! &lt;3 RT  ♥ You are my inspiration !!I always write and even a RT  #PlzDark blue Tennessee by Taylor Swift makes my want to cry. Ayyye I Got All My shit done besides my nails!! i missed you  dont feel like we talk that much anymore I'll miss you too annoyed like hell on the train !  :-( RT  Yugoslavia seemed awesome....until everyone decided to start killing each other : ( Rose's neck man    #EastEnders :o I actually enjoyed it as well but I had to drop a subject and that was the hardest  what novels are you doing at A2? :') RT   I just sent  a beat. Me and him are gonna sing over it, sorry if it takes the limelight off yours though  x Argh I hate it when I see arguments on my timeline pls, a link to cnn channel  ( #occupyfreedomla live at My ribs hurt I can't deal with the pain of this Off to look for a new car over next couple of days.....need to scrap mine  #Banger “ #MentionTo your old friend that you miss right now.  i miss U 2! muaha, but i want one  i watched la and miami ink earlier D: oh mahn! hmm...may get a piercing or book for one hehe I wanna play temple run  if I had that game ill be all set I wish I could spend every paycheck I got. I'm in desperate need of a shopping spree  #stupidcarpayment I don't hw having a queen is helping anybody who lives here lol pointless  its for tourist I swr lol I think ur cool btw cant go to sleep cause i have to  babysit I really wanna watch just friends right now  miss dat shit RT   and  I cny go to Toledo :-( I 4got I had picked a shift @ 5:30p-C i know i wish i had a car... Trying to save up but insurance is too damn expensive! A bug bit me on the tattoo, what do I do? The fever is returning  Hope you all feel better than me! so playing tennis yesterday really made me wake up to the fact you wont be there  #sadtweet  studying is my best friend this weekend i have all this reminding me  #wanttogoback Feel so ill  reading is a chore! I wanna meet her. Tell her our mall is nice lol lol u got me all excited  that woulda been wicked awesome. Are u off today? u not comin back ? A vibrator?RT  I want something Radiation? Are  you ok now? Jon I can't wait to open your mail. My sister was to give it to me yday but forgot. I was ragin' Is it too much for a girl to ask to have real pesto in her Pestorella? And where's the sour cream and sweet chilli dip gone? my ankle hurts thank you!! He starts on the 1st but I won't be moving for a bit  x Dude I have no credit remember?!  &lt;3 RT  i hate the fact that you live so far away still need money for that. i knew it!  lol I'm very negative  " I hate negative ass people ! " me too :-( x RT  The train was so packed this morning my bag was wedged the whole trip hated it my tongue feel funny still My stomache turned around. Ehmagawd Bayern Re u part ? RT     RT  Y u sad? U aint part tho? RT   RT  Girls with ... Wishing I'd read the rest of your feed before jumping in now... oops, sorry :-( are u talking on Facebook? mmh I'm jealous Today had been a horrible day i wonder what i'm doing tonight.. since i'm not going to roscoe Etta James died  such a brilliant voice. I was sitting in my office when a case came in............... :)  miss u too plenty .... yeah  lol Can we talk please  I know :/ about to give up though  .. i have work 9-8  fml Wot's the matter babykins  x I miss my jazz so much Drought season  #fml Whoooaaaaa , why so hostile ?! I don't even know you , it was just a question fuckkkk yeah! & we have to do something before you go back to school. i miss you " #ThingsICantStand guys who use the term "bitch" often" I hate walking through the frozen aisle  all that convenient frozen food Freezing my ass off and the dogs won't shut up while I'm trying to revise its not even in my google doc list So, I'm def going to see  in HTSIB! (: But, I wish I had tickets to see him on his first night! Ewwww what the hell  I wasn't ready #obviously HTC desire S ... i broke my old one  and they dont make them anymore so they had to give me the one up from my old phone ;) &lt;3 she was in pain anyways, it's all for the good. i'm just gonna miss her Choosing outfits that actually look decent is such a stressful task :-( none I can vouch for unfortunately. Sorry. i got abit Jel though  RT  sad RT  R.I.P Enenche Akogwu.....A great journalist with so much passion in news gathering and reporting.... k i feel bad now... Waiting for the 2nd league, bt i knw they won't show it either :-( my friends cousin has just been told her 5mnth old baby boy has sma and to prepare for him not to see his first birthday  RT  i miss  alreaddyyyy ugh i can't ever sleep  going to cousins RT  &lt;------------ takin donations RT  Man i just realized that my mom puts money on my card basically every week. I feel bad When my gf goes missing my world stops and I have nothing to do how sad Poor poor poor baby girl has been having the worst day she's had in her whole 26weeks :-( bloody evil teeth.they best be nice after all this Well it didn't work, did it? :-( RT "Good evening from France! Maybe it'll work ;-) ♥" shay this is telaya i said that i would do it wats wrong RT  i. have. a. headache.  • go get u some Goody powders daughter no wonder i havent gotten one yet  #Mourning Brrrr this flat is cold RT   damn..  atleast you're a #toughbitch  xoxo RT   aikaramba!! Here goes.. Nervous. But peasantlyLoopy.Don't like needles or blood. This is not going to be fun. Yikes awh  soon though i miss you !! can't come tonight :-( listening to it on the radio though, see you soon(yn) miss you on the saints team! Ok, I'm dead now. Didn't win tonight either Feeling cold, why? stem and draft hole prob don't line up square, which will impede a pipe cleaner as well Ok so made the tea before work to have some wen I get home #ungryarsehasonlygonanatethelot!!if it wasnt for the whole im broke n need a full time job id totally go I'm so sad right now I can't even put it into words. #RIPBonnie  that film is so so sad Mums making fish #hateit #gross  RT   I love you. I wish he could read my tweets I've checked both and nothing :-( Some other woman wants 3 on Done Deal, feck her -_- Quit! RT  Just got a new job #SmileAtMe RT  Milli Vanilli never calls me anymore. I bet he forgot my number And tomorrow back to school My day jus got fuckd up NOTICE ME !!!! I am Jasminator ♥ !! &lt;3 RT  ♥ You are my inspiration !!I always write and even a RT  3c I need to lose weight  Wish I was going shopping with my roomies     have fun! Visit me at work :) oww  I am sorry :) god rest his soul! oh yea! I haven't got many friends  find me some x same. But I still don't have them i wanna see my boyfriend Was hoping for a nice early finish today ! Didnt happen I've been told I'm shameless several times this week... I was only asking people if their female friends were DTF. Re: Last tweet: I think that's another sign of me getting old. and my belly is doing back flips  #notmyday The amazing talented Etta James has passed away dont mess with cooties! i had that once and it took a wet willy to fully cure it Saw someone wearing a Duffer tshirt today...But they wernt Ed Sheeran I wish I could see it. Tryna be a good man and treat a heaux like a queen and I'm left assed out.. Not a bitch in sight .. Help my comments are going to land me on the "do not marry" list  lmaoo Movie date canceled Cabot will be amazing with the ladies....definitely miss my fiancé tho :-( Soon we can take these trips and be LEGAL!! Lol! are you a fucker ? why haven't you called me? Okay sooo payday moved to sunday!!  but overall Im still havin a good day!! So hard to eattt Si wee  y the kooks Another legend gone  Goodnight Etta James... thought we were actually gettin some decent bia into the gaff today and siobhan returns home with 6 bags full of shite!  what a dissap ... I'm just gonna say hi to ppl anymore, they never see or hear mee and I look stupid Why is food so expensive!!! you made me feel so bad Bad fielding unexpected by SA :-( you are now lying RT  If anything ever happened to my gma I would go crazy man : ( . . I want to cry RT  When Demi got her first television contract, her classmates did not speak again.  #FactsOfDDL no me not looking forward to it :-( It is still loading  it is taking so long as I'm using internet usb and it is not that fast :s I had one earlier...not done fixed my cravings  I was really bad last night and found some TJs PB stuffed pretzels..it was How  goes months without seeing her family and friends I don't know. It's so hard "  k pce, troll faced reject." I love you so much it hurts That's not good! Your young be happy :) RT  I'm very negative  " I hate negative ass people ! " tia q lo acabo d ver Dat u aint endowed RT  Of whic? RT  Y u sad? U aint part tho? RT   RT  ... I seen it but i was HOPING it was about something else Weekend ruined  yay. tu gosta mais do twitter do que de mim ?? BuBu I just wanna get justin's attention I so want him to follow me  that'll baffle me far too much haha, was gonna DM you then realised it has the same stupid limit  x me too  the only good part of being broke: hinders addictions. That's the thing; I don't have time to read every news story :-( unlike, say, people who are @ home all day eating bon bons lol thats all we can do smh :-( I have no idea what she's doing. It's so without sense and goal... at least I can't see where this is supposed to go Oh! RT   yes bro, got killed in the line of duty at farm center kano I hear.  #BOKOHARAM where have you been mister? Haven't seen you in a long long time now  #lame In my eyes you'r my everything,but in your eyes I'm just a fan!  &lt;3 I was not blown away, BUT there are some awesome pieces in there backed the draw  greeno is compatible with everyone...... I would be really happy if you follow  #MUCHLOVE ♥ You never notice me  #3 oh righto! Still sucky though singing lessons then coming home to sleep forever. caffeine headaches are the worst dying with stomach ache LOLLL imagine it did that! Awww poor sleepless you!  any plans for the weekend?? I dropped my classes.  feel like crying. I guess is the best I can do but its not what I wanted. wow  okay what have yu been up to? &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; always dismissing me had hiccups for like the last 20 mins Why don't you live me back RT  Teen Mom 2 Breakdown: Jenelle: "LEAVE ME ALONEEE" .. Kaitlyn: "i'm poor as fuck" .. Chelsea: I miss Adam .. Leah: Ali has to get an MRI me too I hope not, Koz!  Its wank. Its like being at a school disco in the assembly hall!  sad times  haha never mind. enjoy your night x lmao, I'm a pisces  but thankkkk youu. RT  That's right NO HOODRATS RT  I need to up my standards some people are actually annoyingly pretty :-( No way chipmunk was with chris brown.. Jel heart and prayers go out to him and everyone that knows him man. Fuck RT  I Missed  At Skool Today i remember dancing with you and you were such a sweet girl and great friend. its still hard to believe you're gone #ripshannon #imissyou Ughhh! I definitely have neither  i'm finna go get em cause everybody always hiring yall Necesito el #office2010 K RT  Cos of wat he said RT  Huhn? Y u cryn? RT     RT  Y u sad? U aint part .. For now.... This will be back.. :-( RT  SOPA Has Been Postponed Indefinitely. -  #android #sopa Mummy's gonna punch me tmr but dammit I've had such a bloody long week I just need a break RT  South American #katycats: PLEASE stop tweeting me about the concert candy video! I don't have anything to do with their release. Sorry not that far..... brampton... new part... kill me now Boo my curls fall off  I hate having straight hair!i would but i can't get there cause i dont wanna walk  x yeaah I am tomorrow and sunday  sorry! we'll do something very soon, I promise! When you watch part one and miss part two RT  DIversity Diversity Diversity i lov e you guys so much i mso jel that my friend is going to see u in april and im not No I'm not  are you? hello   how are you  sweet and sexy  xxxx Rainy day in north cackalacky RT  “ Everybody best be coming out to  tonight for Bike Night! 10-12 $10 to ride 16 and older #HitEm” I'm 15 NOTICE ME !!!! I am Jasminator ♥ !! &lt;3 RT  ♥ You are my inspiration !!I always write and even a RT  3n missed my 6000th tweet, how did that even happen hey JONAS NEW ALBUM please we need.  The Jonas Brothers Never Gone ! ♥ CantWaitForNewJonasAlbum ! ...... shut up! No I dont you do sorry  RT  Hush child, you sound so stupid when you speak. he was a good puppy. Let me know if you need anything. I really want that tattoo. But I ain't old enough :-( i miss you 2 smh so so so boreddddddd and its friday I got my cute shirt dirty please follow me : ( at this point I'm not even sure I want to go to warped this year if  doesn't go Must u reply ma tweets?RT  Its 2small I reckon RT  I aint feeling this no more Wish I was going to the loo this weekend aww baby and mee  that's luush fair play! well done #goodeff ;) hehe! samees! #wanttogoback xx i dont want him to leave RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  and  R-T if u followed! :)x . me too :-( sad  hope your day gets better though! my arm is hurting from my needle  argh Cannot breathe...  #helpme On all sizes :-( Every artist that wasn't a part of a G.O.O.D Friday song was at home looking like Keep it up connacht, cant take another loss.  So far so good tho! :) RT  He scores his third in a row. Connacht 9-5 Quins I Wonder RT  Ў am I scared for nuffin? Poor Odo.  He is the loneliest.    #DS9 The doctors said that the baby's not okay. Now my mom has to go to the hospital  again Whr is  ?? So u'll get to see 2mao before me RIP Etta  You made the world a more beautiful place! we going to have a snow storm yeah I need one like years ago RT  Soooo my babe wanted to leave today.... Tear   BYE Deion!!! Trying to do all these test bt its not bout to workdamn my gf aint txt me all day :-( I would be really happy if you follow  #MUCHLOVE ♥ You never notice me  #9 ... y ni invita  xd i misses your face ! i didnt know u were following me It's so cold & the heat is up...  NOTICE ME !!!! I am Jasminator ♥ !! &lt;3 RT  ♥ You are my inspiration !!I always write and even a RT  35 I just want drink to maybe make it numb my pain I mean she could be quite innocent I understand but you know, it was so similar to go unnoticed  And time since submission :/ It's a hard decision Aww  I could see if we could play later ? #NP... Never No More.. Aaliyah...
I miss her What's wrong with my appetite Perfect! An I know  idk what we'll do tonight but we'll figure it out My nails are killing the shit outta me!  The workers in the nail salon beat the crap out of them! What i do you do just like that! RT   lmao that's you! Ain't no snow and it ain't in the teens here  #sorry because i need to stay into the bed FOOOOOOOOD I hate how you can see the veins around my eyes Can't watch 8 Mile because of Brittany Murphy  that chick was the bowwwmb! RT   I know right! I'm sure he will ;) dude I wanna get pulled up on stage! I wish nooooooooo  why?! oh cbb will be on soon I suppose I will watch it but know how u feel I hate these long winter nights :-( iwish uu could stay so do i.. The rain is really trying to fuck with me RT  If you have no shame then do as you please, but if you fear Allaah, then fear the fire, Fire whose fuel is men and stones!  Scarrryyyy Stupid quiz, retarded tweep wasted school fees  I feel for ur dad not fair is it  xx RT   LOOL I didn't get a chance to ask her tbh I didnt mean to insult you  I just dont trust nutella ... then a few hours later I ate some nutella and feel guilty now what r u doin? im so bored.. Just makes me miss him more peach schnapps vodka orange juice cranberry juice! Perfect sex on the beach! I want it to be next sat now  x follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  54 I would be really happy if you follow  #MUCHLOVE ♥ You never notice me  #8 WHAT TIMES BIG BROTHER ON AT ugh no they haven't made a trending topic asking for us so clearly they would rather kill themselves than have us there yea!an my phone Can't deal with anymore un needed stress I hate to see the part when Bow Wow fall..  #RollBounce Just bin 2 my dance class but couldn't do it :-( cos of my stupid knee thing!!!spent 45mins sitting at the side being board! i have no beer!  OR money! Etta James died today  singer of one of my favorites songs "At Last". Omg I think I embarrassed this girl. I didn't mean to. She said hi Niketa n I said what's ur name again.. Finally sitting down to watch "The Artist". Ticket for one though Seriously so sad about Etta James  Grew up on this womans music  fuck off Yep, same! Time of month  Being a woman is so rubbish lol! No plans, housework etc! Catch up on sleep :) What u upto 2nite? x  I really want to see a movie tonight, but I have no one to go with RT  i told indya Like 4 Days Ago Be A G I Told Her Dont Be Cryin Or Ima Fuck You Up I wish I didn't have to work so I could pick up Smokey myself. I have to wait till like 10:30 to see her Wasting money onf ood  #ThingsICantStand really upsetting. true legend who will definitely be missed  x RT  After I read all about it. Just 2 Word for That "F*CK SOPA" Good Morning, Have A Nice Dream. :) but SOPA is a Nightmare.RT  THE SECURITY GUARD KEPT TELLING US THERE NOT COMING OUT. ohhh that sucks  not even lint rollers can be used forr intense stuff like that lmao. jegging swag! I'm wearing mine & a hoodie On the way to Lynchburg! About to sleep the whoooooole way. Just kidding I'm doing home work U owe me next time SOPA is gone yes! but so is Megaupload   ( I favorited a  video from   BROKEN LAPTOP RT  Milli Vanilli never calls me anymore. I bet he forgot my number ah saiu Brazil Wants The Heartbeat Tour In your life you meet too many liars I can't see what that is I'm ssoo sore!!!!!! Can't even go down the stairs gonna bring a box of tissues to craven cottage tomorrow. Feeling a cold coming on i miss you too how much u get? ours is tomorrow These free runs mxm! :-( Where's MY. Sam #Gh How did my name get mixed up with KImble :-( i hate when Shannon is upset, i just want to cuddle her but i can't cause she lives hours away :-( eeeuughhhh i want to watch lovely bones!  omg RT  5th period with  is definitly gonna be a period I miss next year In other news  ignores me on Skype and doesn't get on AIM anymore.  that's progress, I couldn't pass 200,000  Too bad I have work till 9 ! My palms hurt from tennis Por quê bloquear eu? oh hell no did she press the unfollow button :O aha well molly all I can say is I hope its not RT  Where's the fans at? Go follow -----&gt;   R-T I u did so zayn me and louis can follow u :) your too late  almost a whole tray of brownies went stale! damn then after that! DM. But it doesn't let me use the BBM. aww postponed.  still there but this is good too! thanks for the link! I'll cry so much as horses are my all time favourite animals :-( where can I get nduja in LA? heard The Cube on La Brea carries it but they are always sold out. RT  Im About To CRY MY Eyess OUT : ( Thanks but I went already through every link there. I guess I have call you guys next week. :-( if you're threatening me bro  its deff working lol I'll be at work 
RT  hey kelly clarkson is gonna be at mardi gras at universal and boyz ii men I think I have scoliosis “ Isaacs stupid hungry.” haha way to go Just been chased round the kitchen with a fish  x I don't think I would even be able to talk! :') I was in Jack Wills an Harry came in 5 minutes after I went out!  xo I think people are unfollowing me hahaha, idk wether I want to or not Ion kw how uhma get home are you feeeling like following some fans today? me, no didnt think so  you will never notice me... crawfish this weekend!! We keep saying it but be ending up at Jack in Box on some jalepeno poppers. Lolll I know you have a busy schedule but don't forget to tweet your Beliebers Work At 5 Today, But I'm BEYOND Sick fyi, I will not actually be making cookies.  but your cooperation is both appreciated and helpful. :) 15 Never been up before 7 on a Saturday morning before unless I was working...I'm so tired but need to get my cars first service WAH that made me sad...  MISS MY BITCHES SO MUCH &lt;3 I wish  could get out & go out with me & I liked a  video from   BROKEN LAPTOP RT  Former Penn State commitment Camren Williams has committed to Ohio State. Traffic stopped completely on I90...can't even get to train delivered food at Buffalo Phil's! Ahh u just miss us then  x don't in friend me on fb  I'm not leaving you! Too tired to even move my thighs hurt was thinking 'YES get a lie in tomorrow' but i then realised i have a hairdressers appointment at 9 o'clock I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2048 hey, am fine thanks. ive steped up my 10k training and pulled a muslce in my ankle. I would be really happy if you follow  #MUCHLOVE ♥ You never notice me  #20 haha I don't wanna go blonde I know that'd look really bad on me,I wanted to go darker but everyone says no  and haha oh wow! Naaa Its Not even That , I was Jusst Confused  *Sigh*  “ It's weird how you can go from being so close to someone & talking everyday to barely talking to them.”&gt;&gt; It happens I have Tweet-limit  I'm tweeting from Twitlonger, BRB :) missing you too ough dah bosen toh  RT come here for a party  theyve gone out and were bored 
 ( live on So Worried Right Now :/ I Don't Know What To Do  I cook the best food but STILL want to eat "friday night food". Wah No one follow my other account  ? :-( It has no sense to ask follow me, 
does not always That is sad. They must be devastated. WHAT?! Nooo Punkster!  Hw much snow u gettin Today was Lauren D's last day imma miss her so much  I told her everythinggg that I never told anybody before ! #bestfriend I dont know what the hell is wrong with them, I dont understand it y,y,y? :-( ugh fucking hell ive got hiccups. :-( RT   de tiii yo no se nah :/ RT  FRIDAY FRIDAY!// voor je het weet is het alweer monday world on the tweets are they do! Probly not around here tho And I'm wondering what you're dreaming wondering if it's me you're seeing (8) RT  Forever alone RT   mine isn't even on it..I had to write it myself I miss Zack and Cody so much I dont know i knowwww I don't want to its only 8pm  please come down I know  we made you badd ahaha walked all the way to the cobble stone I have a lot of homework this weekend  I wanna party like they do in San Antonio tonight  FL is so fudgin' WHACK! agdgayytywvw thee fuckk!?  rep ruined now. Thanks. where are my friends??? #aloneinthesuite Im sad af now Follow me PLEASE
Every day I ask you to follow me on twitter and nothing
: ( Ughhh!!  So sick today!! I need to hibernate. I don't usually cry during movies but Moulin Rouge gets me everytime.. Hope you enjoyed your day off seeing as you have some yucky shifts to follow :-(  xxxx Gna cry, love him he gotta new tat not really feelin it .. Called a dude out on twitter pretty funny shit.. And still no album how are you feeling?! Aw what's wrong with my sistah so much for express ups. " when people get on your facebook, print off pictures of you and give it to your athletic director." About to reset my phone  BRB follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  60  still want to see you at least once, autograph and a picture? trying to download your podcast via iTunes from my iPhone and it will only get 2.2kb and stop tried on #73 & 74 :-( RT  missing you Miss my girls  #loveyall twice going to be a third time soon after i print all my photography i hate it when   is still up when i get up for work at 5:45. just means shes going to sleep all day and ill be bored  the nappy rash was awful  I felt so bad for her. I cleaned her with water at those points so the wipes wouldn't be rough. I dont have my apple device lol.. what emoji did you tweet? B on my bio exam #prettypissed i studied so hard Why would anyone want to kill Hev? :-( damn, thought i was special!  you's are like the only people i talk to... this makes me sad #offline nope Rain rain go away! Im cant stay at home I have to work today omgee there is sew much stuff i want! why do the things i want the most have to be so expensive XS Fried Rice I have a cold god your so sexy i miss you  when can we party!? LOL miss you franky too comfy to move, but got so much to do ohh,  i live her ao yeah but its a Nice place to live! :) servers goes down  never thought something as big as FB can ever go down Not so good result so far for bayern munchen :-( I still can't believe that that actually happened When you go into smiths and there are a thousand hot guys and you look like shit There music video history is absolutely awful and I reckon SWY will be more appreciated - It's going to be a mess Just got back from the doc's... turns out I have bronchial pneumonia! I'm really sad now I dunno if I can afford it He loves the puppys but they dont like him very much yeah gurrrrl! And no I completely forgot to get the form signed I was just listening to her music last night. R.I.P. Miss Etta James  RT   wv is killing me  shoulda never texted him back i would because i never got it :-( xx Never felt so full on shitty for something I haven't done Eish! :-( RT    ....this 1 is gona be a close 1...... too warmm again punk! Yall make me sick! Awla yall!!! yep!!!! And won't have any on mon RIP Etta James! And all I can do is cry....  #ettaforever goooood (: I miss the old days our FIREPOWER DAYS with the handshake & everything Ok.. biceps are beyond sore now  , needing a good massage after work real talk yeah, its ok now, but know its gonna hurt tomo  think I hurt it more by stopping myself ! Doh ! Xx  Thanks. Not sure RT  Thx nes  RT  failed annive not happy   cepat balikaaan! Wish I was at Home with my loves still    and twitterless Sara Salloway u didn't get my tweet some days ago punk?? :-( How shit portnoy was with them, he was just rushed I think they played shit in Manchester, was quite ruined for me : ( x RT  I feeeeel sho lonely I hate when ur bf breaks up wit u then goes directly to another girl good answer! Just been longgg, all work no play recently follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  59 Por queeeee? Donate it! RT  Yep .. its about time for a hair cut ... sigh ... :-(  sims 3 has frozen but I don't wanna close it because I actually love my sim. :-( ahhh i neeed someone to work till 6 with me! cause im the only one on till and everyone else just moanss   xxx I dropped my phone on my toe!!!  it hurts Dx Someone give me a good person to fake.  Pleaseeeee. ya rabii  it's so tempting I can't wait! Bas t3mlii download tell me to come over for a movie night :D haha (A) kheir nshalla I hope that you will feel better soon.. My body is soreeeee...all that damn yoga discovering muscles I didn't kno I had you're suppose too, you say it better  RT   you were supposed to say mike jones.. “ usea batch aint shair ur liq today FOLLOW ME JUSTIN&lt;3 PLEASEE PLEASE PLEASE! although, your probably offline  ... im starting to loose hope; Fight the sickness before it gets me! Ahh! Noooo i hate my tweet name  wish i hadda cute name It's a wee bit sad when -15 feels almost warm. My back hurts much I miss u too!!! :D We needa hang yo! But I'm always busyy Your girl friend just gave u full blown AIDS  #dontworrybehappy my first game should have been the Burnley game at selhurst  I can remember my dad deciding not to take me I'm sorry  I miss and love you .. Come stay the weekend with me or something! Oh god. I can't. Feel guilty about every bad thing in the world already a queee ???? No estaremosss Oh....the whale thingy....well now I feel stupid. I gotta sleep tweeps, didn't have  follow me yet... Another day of disappointment... :-(
Anyway have a good night............. are you freaking kidding me izz? ugh that sucks I love makeup I just hate wearing it Loves being ignored  #sarcastictweet I'm so congested and stuffed up I have a headache Today was my last day in SS I'm so heartbroken over hearing the news of #EttaJames passing. Loved her music. RIP great lady. Thanks and thats not true! RT   looks real nice in her avi. Went all hollywood on us po folkyal nigga were printin shit out today ,nigga  was pritin im ugly same  in skul now!! where are u! (sigh)...I always wonder the same thing for me. "  I'll go but you watching scary movies" me too  practicing tomorrow tho :) #roadtorecovery " My plan for this afternoon off is some cod and NCAA 12. #nolife" wish I could do that  fuckin school...half day next Wed. tho #300396 bio: i can only see squares   username: 8 icon: 6 Half 8 and I'm already tired me &  havent txtd since the 9th ....wtf is up ? I miss him, I miss you so much I was so sad when Ricky Martin came out.  I had no idea, haha Welp...its going to be a longgggg sad walk home :-( I forgot to put my livestrong bracelet back on...i feel empty  i never take it off! omg my parents are watching the tv in there now  #sadtimes I can't go on AGGHH sorrrrrryy we must go on sunday xx I will puke on the next person who touches me #dontfeelgood philosophy intro to logic OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  1 Emily's here ¡Usted me adora! ¡Y hace no usted lo se olvida! How is my spanish?? I can think of a certain teacher I havn't seen lately. You either wanna be with me or you dont, oneday you love me next day you wanna leave, Your so up and down on your own neither is pink or black or white  etc  .. I wish I lived closer to Stockholm...  Or had money to travel lol. It hurt you that bad?  x tell me!  ill DM you ok? Ugghhhh!! Now I hit my knee cause of her smelling body!! Tried being careful eating a chocolate chip cookie while walking with my tray = getting chocolate all over my coat OMG SO WISH  would follow me!  please i love you all&lt;3xoxoxoxoxo. Awesome giveaway :  I've never tried OPI or ESSIE nail polish Lazy day at home. Watching indian movies and wishing my cats were here. :-( (@ 256 Pennsylvania Avenue) aww stinkie....I m in class!  IT ISSSSS!!!  make me a sammich. RT   come to Lincoln soon! I miss you Needles? HA!! Please dont urghhh it hurts so much to move you ain't got time to call me back, text me nothing!!! Im about to call and deactivate that SIM card Omg but, but she's amazing yea I'm usually downstairs in mcnair all day I Dontt No about nothing nomore i dontt no if i could do this aanymore naaaaaaah babz they LOVE me at work! And the drama has nuffin 2 do with me but i still wanna be there wen it happens i dont have a recent pic of you n me patty  but ur my bestie toooooo! I'm a teeny weeny bit excited to see Legz. I'm gonna miss  tho  idk how to get drunk w/o her. Hahaha waah school is so shit lately so jealous that you're home RT  RT  Dont want  to go back to school Wonderful!! Got chicken, rice noodles, pancake roll, stir fry mix no blinking sauce :-( not going out again have to eat it dry I heard. Poor Uncle Hub. ohh  hope you'll feel better soon !! Thats not true at all, i love you RT   smh you dont like chillin wit me nomore Wish I had someone to look after me like that! oh sssssssssssshit!! i've never been in by myself before, please tell your dad to be nice nah Im working pal phone pieces are not event available. so nobody can fix it all of the above and still nothing unfortunately That sucks! I wish they'd told us earlier :-( I think im coming down with something I fail all of my biology tests Get better dude  ( he's been a little tired today quite a bad 1st half of football by Bayern: GK howler; unable to break down solid Glabdach defence, nor able to deal with their counters i hate the facct that i cant play I just got a huge bruise under my lip. I put make up on it but it's still visible you dont love me? to sem sms tá? how did you get to live over there?! i want to  lucky girl oh lol. I been getting slandered all day man.  I don't even watch basketball, I just think he cute. nope  tomorrow I have another doctors appt so hopefully i'm actually as good as I feel & we could hangout w. da babies :') now now let's not be nasty. that would be cool. sadly i have £5 in my bank acccount, i cant withdraw it, therefore i cant get to or from helston  &lt;/3 Why u blocked yr wall on Facebook !?   Im sad. I wish I could just have one chance to see Selena in concert  &hearts; Calling Oz -         get annoying 'Nothing like Australia' ad off our TVs - arrgghh! :-( xxx What the actual fudge?! I cannot, and I MEAN cannot believe that  isn't letting me pop round for some milk  #devastated yeah!!! But they still havent showed up!  im gonna have an anxiety attack!! " RIP Etta James. You will be missed tremendously...." Oh shit   I'll keep singing her songs in my bathroom, or in my car. are you ok?  if you want to talk I'm here i told u to shareee!?!!!!  jk  go drink some water i cant come visit you anymore tomorrow every time iTry to c yur avi...its blurry I envy those people who may be near you. Grr I want too :-( good good. College was okay today, tiring as well  its nice 2 be home. Sadly  is at work Frozen toquitos do not make my stomach feel happy LOL i'm scared i can't fucking find it I don't know what uber bar is  #outoftouchwiththekids I was just going to ask if you were going to be in southfield.   “ Had a nice little break. Now back to work all weekend ” u meanieeeeee that happened to me last week. I'm $100 poorer than I would have been. RT   missed watching Grey's Anatomy and Jersey Shore with you.... wasn't the same  love you haha sorry! I can hangout all night Really want some nikes When are you coming to the hood to cook Sev and I some munchies!! I ballsed up cottage pie! It ain&#39;t pretty that was rude I really miss my Moose I gotta sleep tweeps, didn't have  follow me yet... Another day of disappointment... :-(
Anyway have a good night.............. Fuck North Face .. They aint have the boots in my size they're not very productive  just don't put any carrots or vas happening on it! oh shit fml is it too late for me to watch it? I texted u back woman and I ain't get no responseDon't worry you're not the last. I had it for a week at Christmas and then it was cruelly snatched away. I'm still waiting now i need a nap lovely lol... Nothing exciting... Full of a cold and cough  x Everyone I was supose to hang out with today ditched me  I'm not sitting home someone come get me. OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  10 RT   my friends cousin has just been told her 5mnth old baby boy has sma and to prepare for him not to see his first birthday lmao  just u wait!!!! I will get better!!!!!!!! #practicemakesperfect miss you too buddy wish I could be there tonight baby!  have fun!! Your beautiful! nop Apparently #HR departments like to fire people on #Fridays . Gives a new thought to the end of a work week. It appears no one is safe  :-( yap y no I will no longer be working with you on Monday's Yup, sadly :'( RT  whoaaaa!! Etta James is dead?!?!?! read our dm !  . yo respondiiii! ion care i hate #packing!  #IUP tomorrow! I feel you! #storyofmylife oh but I smile in every photo, does that count  x mad that the.rangers and Sabres lost yesterday hehe , thats cute Robel (: but you did try to beat me up today i would love to rock an afro lol but ummm yea my hair is hard enough to deal with now,imagine if it was big and puffy  lol abe ard el home bas tjamdt 7el bard Yeah right, take your school's loan buy coach bag. Good look after college with debts.  situation to be in man, real sad hiya Button! Only tennis news. Staff so busy with grand staff & tennis less time 4 us. :-( im late? You already offline :/ okay sorry if youre waiting me for a long time RT  Etta James... may he rest in peace. Fame the movie on TV = :-) oh wait it’s the remake = :-( still didn't get it baby :-( Going to miss sass I guess ur always right & Im in the wrong according to u. I get it. In ur eyes all I do is screw up, I guess thats why you never cared... es que si que mal yes  how are you? I'll see what the surgeons at work say  think I was silly to leave it so long come baaack  xxx Awww that man who cried on Monday's masterchef Imma make u change ur mind...  #NotEvil Toys R Us exclusive. Not likely  RT   Any chance that the Legendary Skylanders will be available for 19.99 I love relaxing days!  Ill be hangin w my friend laundry though... catty sad RT   my friends cousin has just been told her 5mnth old baby boy has sma and to prepare for him not to see his first birthday I LOVE phil mitchell  why is Ben being mean to him! be gone you little rat. i feel so blah today  hopefully work gets my spirits up...wait, i think today is payday Boo, I have a headache yeah.. That's how the rest of my weekend is looking  I have been a terrible friend to  .  I'ma do better. Back too sleep I go :-( Wtf everyone getting refunds and I'm still waiting for mine Wish i knew more about Freddies epilepsy. No idea if thts why hes been jerking all day or not. Poor thing cnt sit still&it makes him cry I think i might cry if frankie or romeo go in cbb tonight ooooohh nice!! Over here it's so cold! And I'm sick..  😞 OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  9 BOOO!! I want a donut RIGHT NOW wait on me Brushing your teeth then drinking Dr pepper is not a good idea  urgh #badcombination Another night on my own!!!!! :-( I want to go back to India :-( finee I admit it!  and used to live opp the house with the fake zebra outside! u know where I mean or do I just sound weird? x :-( looks like I won't be visiting soon. Fly to Edmonton on Monday #shakingthemoneytree aah, I can't take it velson unfollowed me Wake up! Or txt back!  I miss yuu  :P RT  Where's the fans at? Go follow -----&gt;   R-T I u did so zayn me and louis can follow u :) stick it in the air its fine, stick it in my face no so fine  hmmm.....how do i answer that without being raped? biology revision is going to kill me and so it history, Thus why my mirror broke, awe man broke my heart leaving my first graders today  also broke my back getting tackled to the floor Scotland Needs Believe Tour  ..PLEASE HELP TREND THIS !!!!!!  PLEASE GO THERE  I HAD MY CHANCE TO SEE YOU. THEY NEED THERES. happy birthday 7ubbiii!! I sent u a bbm at 12 exactly marraaaa y3no bas it's not sending for some reason I dunno why  ! Ly! &lt;3 omg Justin I weren't on twitter for almost a whole day  :o RT  #300396 bio: i can only see squares   username: 8 icon: 6 me too LOL...you do NOT want to be here...the germs are THRIVING...pneumonia, bronchitis, a cold and some tummy bug.  GOOD TIMES! ugh  that's not okay, pretty. Why? What's the worst part of this healthier lifestyle? No more bagels and coffee.... love the programme :D it was well said ain't it RT!!  I have no one to talk to anymore about my problems. No opinion from a guy Gotta make a new tumblr don't add that one this shit trippin I give up  is never ever in a million years going to follow me i'm a way to sit in a corner for the rest of my life. bye yeah we can go tomorrow. I'm not going to the restaurant #OOC I'm not approved to take any pills for a month cuz of my eye surgery but I'm trying it with tea Depressing moment when you finish your fruit pastels I send multiple tweets, but you do not follow me.  Please follow me. ♥55 omggg Norbie lls.... Ur 2 dayz late... U always forget about me but it was to short Great. No ride home. Guess I'll just sit at school...by myself...with no friends. Nooo!  You better write me at leasttt. And yesss haha follow meeeee! rushinglikewaves.tumblr.com Nye' I miss science with you Annie CUT* FUCK YOU I CUT MY FINGER OPEN  ahha same  their such a cute couple I really need a new phone! wat about me I'm taking  advice and buying #dreamwater I'm so tired today couldn't sleep last night Omg this movie RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much Very sad about Etta James Im not meant for walking do much   #fatpeopleproblemsI haven't seen  in a while  i miss u Don't worry you're not the last. I had it for a week at Christmas and then it was cruelly snatched away. I'm still waiting now lovely lol... Nothing exciting... Full of a cold and cough  x Everyone I was supose to hang out with today ditched me  I'm not sitting home someone come get me. OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  10 RT   my friends cousin has just been told her 5mnth old baby boy has sma and to prepare for him not to see his first birthday lmao  just u wait!!!! I will get better!!!!!!!! #practicemakesperfect miss you too buddy wish I could be there tonight baby!  have fun!! Your beautiful! nop Apparently #HR departments like to fire people on #Fridays . Gives a new thought to the end of a work week. It appears no one is safe  :-( yap y no I will no longer be working with you on Monday's Yup, sadly :'( RT  whoaaaa!! Etta James is dead?!?!?! read our dm !  . yo respondiiii! ion care i hate #packing!  #IUP tomorrow! I feel you! #storyofmylife oh but I smile in every photo, does that count  x mad that the.rangers and Sabres lost yesterday hehe , thats cute Robel (: but you did try to beat me up today i would love to rock an afro lol but ummm yea my hair is hard enough to deal with now,imagine if it was big and puffy  lol abe ard el home bas tjamdt 7el bard Yeah right, take your school's loan buy coach bag. Good look after college with debts.  situation to be in man, real sad hiya Button! Only tennis news. Staff so busy with grand staff & tennis less time 4 us. :-( im late? You already offline :/ okay sorry if youre waiting me for a long time RT  Etta James... may he rest in peace. Fame the movie on TV = :-) oh wait it’s the remake = :-( still didn't get it baby :-( Going to miss sass I guess ur always right & Im in the wrong according to u. I get it. In ur eyes all I do is screw up, I guess thats why you never cared... es que si que mal yes  how are you? I'll see what the surgeons at work say  think I was silly to leave it so long come baaack  xxx Awww that man who cried on Monday's masterchef Imma make u change ur mind...  #NotEvil Toys R Us exclusive. Not likely  RT   Any chance that the Legendary Skylanders will be available for 19.99 I love relaxing days!  Ill be hangin w my friend laundry though... catty sad RT   my friends cousin has just been told her 5mnth old baby boy has sma and to prepare for him not to see his first birthday I LOVE phil mitchell  why is Ben being mean to him! be gone you little rat. i feel so blah today  hopefully work gets my spirits up...wait, i think today is payday Boo, I have a headache yeah.. That's how the rest of my weekend is looking  I have been a terrible friend to  .  I'ma do better. Back too sleep I go :-( Wtf everyone getting refunds and I'm still waiting for mine Wish i knew more about Freddies epilepsy. No idea if thts why hes been jerking all day or not. Poor thing cnt sit still&it makes him cry I think i might cry if frankie or romeo go in cbb tonight ooooohh nice!! Over here it's so cold! And I'm sick..  😞 OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  9 BOOO!! I want a donut RIGHT NOW wait on me Brushing your teeth then drinking Dr pepper is not a good idea  urgh #badcombination Another night on my own!!!!! :-( I want to go back to India :-( finee I admit it!  and used to live opp the house with the fake zebra outside! u know where I mean or do I just sound weird? x :-( looks like I won't be visiting soon. Fly to Edmonton on Monday #shakingthemoneytree aah, I can't take it velson unfollowed me Wake up! Or txt back!  I miss yuu  :P RT  Where's the fans at? Go follow -----&gt;   R-T I u did so zayn me and louis can follow u :) stick it in the air its fine, stick it in my face no so fine  hmmm.....how do i answer that without being raped? biology revision is going to kill me and so it history, Thus why my mirror broke, awe man broke my heart leaving my first graders today  also broke my back getting tackled to the floor Scotland Needs Believe Tour  ..PLEASE HELP TREND THIS !!!!!!  PLEASE GO THERE  I HAD MY CHANCE TO SEE YOU. THEY NEED THERES. happy birthday 7ubbiii!! I sent u a bbm at 12 exactly marraaaa y3no bas it's not sending for some reason I dunno why  ! Ly! &lt;3 omg Justin I weren't on twitter for almost a whole day  :o RT  #300396 bio: i can only see squares   username: 8 icon: 6 me too LOL...you do NOT want to be here...the germs are THRIVING...pneumonia, bronchitis, a cold and some tummy bug.  GOOD TIMES! ugh  that's not okay, pretty. Why? What's the worst part of this healthier lifestyle? No more bagels and coffee.... love the programme :D it was well said ain't it RT!!  I have no one to talk to anymore about my problems. No opinion from a guy Gotta make a new tumblr don't add that one this shit trippin I give up  is never ever in a million years going to follow me i'm a way to sit in a corner for the rest of my life. bye yeah we can go tomorrow. I'm not going to the restaurant #OOC I'm not approved to take any pills for a month cuz of my eye surgery but I'm trying it with tea Depressing moment when you finish your fruit pastels I send multiple tweets, but you do not follow me.  Please follow me. ♥55 omggg Norbie lls.... Ur 2 dayz late... U always forget about me but it was to short Great. No ride home. Guess I'll just sit at school...by myself...with no friends. Nooo!  You better write me at leasttt. And yesss haha follow meeeee! rushinglikewaves.tumblr.com Nye' I miss science with you Annie CUT* FUCK YOU I CUT MY FINGER OPEN  ahha same  their such a cute couple I really need a new phone! wat about me I'm taking  advice and buying #dreamwater I'm so tired today couldn't sleep last night Omg this movie RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much Very sad about Etta James Im not meant for walking do much   #fatpeopleproblemsRIP Etta James
What is happening, yesterday Johnny Otis (the one who discovered her!) today her... Hi Jani! Just taking a quick twitter break! Inspection is next Thursday PM  Still have so much left to go thru! How R U feeling? I wasnt trying to be ignorant . . .I really think #Sub is mad at me  i am so sorry for everything. funny cunt, don't think I am pal.. got football sunday ok thanks! It porb will just repeat what I've been preaching.. Gross.  Looking for a "the more you know" gif I accidentally stumbled onto a Holocaust denier website.  Now I feel dirty  #badsite =( BITCH! Wellll we'll have bout 8weeks of both being 23 :) b4 I move on up to 24 miss u too! Wish I could be there I don't think so!  I'm so hungover still hahah so I'll probably go to bed! NOPE Lost my wallet which means no license which then means can't go out!!!! Why does this happen to me  #sadgirl I wanna go back to Uruguay RT   RT  Kano bomb blasts: Channels TV Correspondent In Kano Reportedly Killed. My stomach hurts realllllllly bad  Good thing I have an appointnent wed... Fuck I miss my girlfriend Awwwww My Lovely! I Missed You! " Thanks to all the supportive fans!!!" I've tweeted you so many times  RT please for a huge fan in England?? Didnt work for me RT   lol I never see you n we dnt even txt nomore Great, i missed a following spree  follow me please?#HeartbeatForLife !&lt;3 OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  29 thought u were coming snake I just got listed for  tonight at haze in vegas.. No one to go with? I'd get a dog of I could have one where I live. But i can't. I know I havent been online much lately, sorry guys text me?! I have to work in half hour you didn't even tell me what was so funny I sent u five RT  RIP Etta James! : (  - Blues To The Bone - The Sky Is Crying:  via Ohhhh boooo to work :-( I shoul be doing some now but im not :-S Maybe in a few weeks :) Yesssss #rollonthesummer its too cold! the cabinet in the dining room I feel like I'm leaving my flakies out tummmmyy growlinggg  #lastclass #weeeekend &lt;3 ikr  loll we needa talk more often bout crazZayy things lmaoo OMG!!!!!!!!!!!! :DDDDD sooo happy for u !!! Goood :) x I love my sister!!!! She is the best sister ever!............... Even if she hits me just threw my phone && made me drop it y eso por que? lol i know.  was out there too, but then she had to go back inside. so i had nothing to do. Sick as hell. Can't even talk without it hurting...text me if you need me I'll be in the bed all day &  wishful thinking? i thought so too. Why are they showing a repeat of the earlier matches?     ... RT   you suck!!! My life without headphones &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; aw  I JUST read that tweet! me duele muchis My bad, kill me RT   o_0 Renee* :-( what was u buying My nose hurts from blowing it so much  waah Everybody got that special somebody  #Smh Not at all. The issue is that we no longer have the right to make you do what we want  lol private lessons. They are worse than school All I keep seeing is people talking about wanting a kebab, I want one I have a phobia of #pussy cats lmfaooooo bestie just hung up in my face It wasn't he. It was al you! RT  I really miss my niece OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  28 so confused NOOOO JANEE DONT LEAVE!!  #Eastenders Damn..  didn't have to  like that! I really feel sorry for the man...that's ridiculous! :-( mmh yummi :-) i want some strawberries too,i really have to top off my day lol I'll be back, but I'm so mad we barely worked together I want to see Beauty and the Beast ! Miss my dog so much  can't believe its been like 7 years!  r.i.p benji love you so much! xxxxxxxx erm, excuse me! That's horrible I know I've been walking around in it all morning  “ It's very ugly outside :/ RT  It freezing...” I neeeeeeeeeed my princess. i know babes  cant wait to see your hair! im not ;( i miss my grandma! ;( she dies 8 years ago and she was everything to me!  &lt;3 RT  How did my name get mixed up with KImble :-( i am going to the post office tomorrow.... Thats crazy that you never got it I did listen to Alex Day, but my thumb is still swollen  Admittedly could be because it got caught in a door but still. RT  Yup, sadly :'( RT  whoaaaa!! Etta James is dead?!?!?! RT  Im jealous of those of you who are at home or headed home Breaking news, no Y game tomorrow Dropped my I-phone in the snow :-( glad my job let us leave early though. I cnt reach I know! I threw up in 8th period today! anddd, i unfortunately did not get a hot chocolate and marshmellows Schlecker goes bankrupt  Who's going to let us wander around the shop alone with no-one on the tills now? :-( you texting me seven times is not making this any better just passed you. You had that lex/get me our if here look... #takemeeeee GDI! I've got flu... Maybe I should stop resisting it and embrace the sickness The amount of times I've heard that joke my eye balls are going to burst, so so so so so tired,and there's so many things i wanted to watch tonight  missed like 89357 soaps. My personal trainer killed me today  but he did say I have really strong legs and arms #horserider #gymproblems #equestraingirl my roots are really bad already haha ohh coooool, but I just realised I can't do anything  nooo money! Sorryyy RT   this not even cool Oh no i think imma vomit on dawgs  #ouchhhh my plan for th day has been ruined. No walking to walmart for me  Damn you rain my mommys not being niceeee OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  27 OMFG. My mum chucked my 1D calender into my cupboard and bent it all up  NOOOOoooo Workkkkkk awwwwwwwww, are you going getting high?  #whywasinotinformed no, sorry, did i give you that impression? i didn't mean to  was it my short answers? if you ask me yes or no questions i'll pad All I was was making an effort to take an interest my confidence just reached an all time low  lol jkwaaa  I miss you too mouriiiiii Needs to learn not to rip acrylic nails off! #nailsarefucked Omg shut up Lauren! Lol RT  aww etta james  she didn't get to go see redtails.. Someone needs to feed me sounds like a plan batman, but I'm not close enough to convince her Planning but lost my 800 followers so need two more once again  thought we were actually gettin some decent bia into the gaff today and siobhan returns home with 6 bags full of shite!  let down. Leaving soon oh  hope you had fun!! I miss him so much. I can't believe that bitch took his phone,  #crazymoms YOU STRANGE GIRL About a week ago I posted a secret  on Twitter. It quickly became overtaken by people retweeting the farmville statistic. 2 of my patients have passed away  :-( aww i hope all is good and it gets better friend Aw Etta, this is so sad you're so mean to me LIVE ON TWITCAM -  7 MORE VIEWERS PLEASE!  x I already have a flask !!  lol I want big daddy hi im still on skype r uuu its going really wierd  luv uu  :-o uuu coming deee&lt;3:D?RT  Gonna relax until its time for me to get ready and go to my lil sis  last party in SP I wish I could watch #oomf play basketball tonight against Howard for his coming back game. But I'm working.  I know you'll play great. #rip Etta James! that woman was that truth! It's freezing, I can't open the windows, washing never goes on the radiators  thanks though : ) Goodbye Etta James  This is my favorite song by her, "Trust in Me" eugh i need to watch Underworld Awakening soon. afraid I'm still waiting for proof on that... it won't be the same Getting a notification on fb :) Oooo i'm loved.... oh damn, it's only a poke ulan o nasil bir kategorilesme. kendimi issiz pic gibi hissettim evde !! My phone has been seized. NO, IT'S NOT Finally done ! Snow removal since 5 lool. Second pair...they were a emergency pair. I knew what i was doing sad face  ^___^ cause I saw it on the trend thing to. Lol obviii not you were ignoring me  #wah heard to have food poisoning?  feel better! hey we can do something to please not waste the world is running out 1st day in a weeks that 1 of my fav dudes has been MIA  wake up babe.. Its a long ass day #justsayin booooo  *wipes away a tear* and didn't share?! :-( Dude I'll take you some when we chill before the game lol. K,bye. RT  I want Big Red. doesn't love me anymore : ( Damn she's with some model nigga haha I'm dying of envy right now  I still have to wait 'till feb 14 for the demo an march to see the ending! Trying to raise money to go meet  at leaky con and not doing so well. I wish it was possible to have a gay boyfriend  I love them so much poor Phill  #eastenders he really left :-( Don't dwell I hope your son gets better soon! Sick children are never fun OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  35 RT  I wish Mcdonalds or jack in the box delivered Yeah until had I had a good one until a hour ago What happened to me and  You LOVED our piggy nose picture! my teacher is talking about Colorado I wish someone sent me a Sexy Sax Gram This take pl in Dallas?? I'm in OKC or I would! Heard from my sister that MegaUpload was shut down. R.I.P Etta James...such sad news...another star graces the heavens  #Etta James #Legend B/c to crazy azz was prolly trying to drive! Smh...Wat happened? who knows. The one we reported as official is NOT supported by Donald X. (hence the email). No ETA is known by he nor Rio Grande Last practice Im ready for Saturday to get here :-( Just realised that you're actually not following me back  That's what i call a Beauty Bitch. Hehehe. ;) x nothing much  bored yourself.... I'm so jealous that Cayle and Alex are sleeping together on my floor tonight I need someone to talk to I was hoping Tenalady would get them instead of me havin teefs done. But no. I will be quaking at 10am inspection tomorrow :-( Aw  where are you? I miss Kenny  cnt wait til ............. LOL yeeaahh !! I'm tryna pull away and he sends me a link  this is fuckin me up I can't take no more mate u are a don at this shit why nottt tho  you got RACKS ON SNACKS ON BACKS ! ... GREENBACKS THAT IS !!! zain zain uufff I'm afraid to lose Harry even tho he's not mine. Jealous of my sister seeing  tonight was excited to check my fb but got no love me despertaron  I hate that I was just thinking exactly the same thing!! :-( hahah awh  I wish I could like stuff too. #bringthelikebuttontotwitter Thank you both for the offer of a phpbnl12 ticket, I can't find my passport so will have to decline. I want that   Tweet me back that makes me sad  you know how many time we've talked about seeing eachother -__- ha Me too  im so fucking scared of them RT  #Ff my two boos who i barely ever see   &  #teamgorgeous #teamambition #teameducated #teamfollowback &lt;3 at my age I really need to feel the attraction if not cock will malfunction ：（ I misses me some him :-( Feel so sick, not looking forward to going to work.. my bbm wentt Canada :D (where it always snows) #notreallythough . Vancouver, it was like −10ºC the other day Bored out of my brains want to go home  can hear a woman screaming like an animal next door!! Ouch! I need my phone but its all the way over there RT  Niall looked really hurt when Louis said he'd sacrifice him.  And then they asked the next question to all the boys, except Niall... made it! Gotta drop 12 pounds tho Your too ugly so u dnt upload pictures on faceboook  #DontWorryBeHappy i no i need motivating im so un motivated its un real  hows your work going? swear to god the sooner I have this physio the better my back and neck are in soooo much pain  #OUCHI keep hearing ish.. But, don't see nothing.. I'm scared RT   leave me alone  « I DO WHAT I WANT I wish houston had better weather #badhairday :-( i will oficially never understand girls or find a half-decent one that actually likes me :-( Sooo much passionRT   I miss Gordos  &lt;With a passion&gt; Soooo much pain.. wtf!?!? What happened?! Kitty is hurt  and she just ran under my bed. Sigh. had all those  ehh bb's battery is just as bad. I know samsung's phone's battery are long lasting. I'm drawn to androids now hehe Oh I'm really sorry. i forgot  here it is ohh no work today 
#sadface :-( doof Sooo tired, just wanna sleep but dad refuses to let me Not happy my twin isn't going out tonight..  Still planning on getting crazy. :) LOOOOOOOOOL Be Smiled  #Eastenders i miss you too my sunshine home laying down :-( I got more teeth pulled Miss my roommate!!!! I have no one to share silly thoughts with!! Sigh OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  43 actually, One Born Every Minute makes
me not want to have a baby I REALLY want to go see The Vow  need chick flicks lol I need more followers feel a loner Hey! have a great friday,its Dr apt. for me Thank you for the #FF guys, I'll return them a bit later, really don't feel well Now gonna lay in bath listening to phat dubstep how sad my life is Feeling really sick RT    I just read his Facebook post! Omg that's sadd awwwww Thank got it's the weekend.. need a rest like he has to make time for us. Were important. He's so changed. I hope he changes back After all the medicine I took today, I thought my tummy would stop hurting.. Guess not bro, you like 24 hours late. Don't talk to me :) RT  Its me these girls r using to play eh??shm hisss  RT  Lmao!  eyya! (cont) happened in my town!!!!! It's discustingggggg Imaa good child ya'knoee " Lol .. Wicked child  "  :D"" I cried when was that scene too. it was really sad  and I cried at that elena & alaric scene when she was like 'you're If it were last year, we'd be getting out of school right now I don't get why  is so mean to me.. It's a real shame.  Here, a Pico picture to cheer us all up: This day sucks. whyyyy? RT  Such a shame  r.i.p &lt;3 Phew! That was a close one :) Aww poor you  What's photography like? What do you do? x x lucky! Well I am hoping he will tweet me once, but I'm starting to lose this hope songs that actually make me cry nm jc how you doing since you forgot about me yesterday lol Im not sure if i can now  bit late. working tomorrow?  Bndee ah missing yuh! Cuz they wanted me to see them :) RT  : nipple covers y u no cover my nipples properly My #LOVE to all y'all, back to bed, argh Other 8 gone on soccer AM. lol!!  I amm Shee really dnt no how to flat iron myyy HAIR I tore a hole in my tights the first time wearing them and I haven't even worn them out yet Awwwh poor you  the pic is soooooooooo damn flyyyyy like a G6 ;) oh well moni's always fly :D  I had a dream about my niece Ma'khiya last night.. I miss my baby sooooo much RT  Yooo I'm thru wit da convo u determine which female u r....a bald one or a no hair having ass? same, failing life :-( I was so pumped and now it's ruined. No comp tomorrow too bad it's not LAST friday night #OOC  just rest, watch some movies and drink a lot of tea with honey. Hope you feel better, really. OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  42 mall tonight with Zaeda:) #lasttimebeforeshemoves Just heard Etta James has died...How sad! Now I feel like singing At Last for her one more time, like I did when I was younger... RT   will do I've been blocked by that fashion designer who you told me about other day him who goes on QVC  x o RT  Its sad to say but I think I'm a workaholic 800k only for me track practice mwahahahahaha!!!! i can't help the fact im good looking, charming and funny  jhhhheezzz :L &lt;3 Rebooked for flight at 2pm rather than 9am. #KBS2012 :-( probably miss tonight's event Gotta get the 6.43 train tomorrow morning which means imma haveto wake up at like 6, & driving lesson on sunday at 8am. #IJUSTWANTALIEIN! i always sound really thick  i'm actually not at all! I feel like a shadow behind a name at school. Everyone knows me on twitter but not in real life  lol. So basically watching #eastenders on my TL Same:/ I almost cried when I found out  But other than that, I'm good :) xxx Zack lil lil!!! How's Madrid?? I miss you and Jess sooo muchh  hope all is going well! (: now I have no one to watch a moviie with...this sucks You don't?! Aww that's definitely it then I hallucinated and saw someone waiting for me on my bed when I came home and opened the door to my room. Is this a sign? #foreveralone Got the wear headache not feeling too good  Hope you're having a good day though yeah they're okay. I'm sick of them oh no  what's it on about xx RT  Not when  was tryna stay hidden from me today No!!! Don't sign em!!! RT  “  did u get the divorce papers I sent?”~~~ :-( i'm outta cash. lol im not mean lol Its not the same, feels so awkward damn you and your amazing memory skills  HAHA ergh hate history! Soooo boring :| WIGWAM :D I can't get my schedule changed These lifetime movies are sad Coomerte a besooss&lt;3  i need to be takin myself to fountain county very very soon..i miss everyone waaay too much!! How many did you have? RT   After 536 days of being a loyal #foursquare user  deleted all of my mayorships? I cant wait till college after the week i've had  xxxLol aww that's no good :-( if you want me to come look after the kiddies for a day or evening so you can chill out a bit... :-)x I keep hearing ish.. But, don't see nothing.. I'm scared RT   leave me alone  « I DO WHAT I WANT I wish houston had better weather #badhairday :-( i will oficially never understand girls or find a half-decent one that actually likes me :-( Sooo much passionRT   I miss Gordos  &lt;With a passion&gt; Soooo much pain.. wtf!?!? What happened?! Kitty is hurt  and she just ran under my bed. Sigh. had all those  ehh bb's battery is just as bad. I know samsung's phone's battery are long lasting. I'm drawn to androids now hehe Oh I'm really sorry. i forgot  here it is ohh no work today 
#sadface :-( doof Sooo tired, just wanna sleep but dad refuses to let me Not happy my twin isn't going out tonight..  Still planning on getting crazy. :) LOOOOOOOOOL Be Smiled  #Eastenders i miss you too my sunshine home laying down :-( I got more teeth pulled Miss my roommate!!!! I have no one to share silly thoughts with!! Sigh OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  43 actually, One Born Every Minute makes
me not want to have a baby I REALLY want to go see The Vow  need chick flicks lol I need more followers feel a loner Hey! have a great friday,its Dr apt. for me Thank you for the #FF guys, I'll return them a bit later, really don't feel well Now gonna lay in bath listening to phat dubstep how sad my life is Feeling really sick RT    I just read his Facebook post! Omg that's sadd awwwww Thank got it's the weekend.. need a rest like he has to make time for us. Were important. He's so changed. I hope he changes back After all the medicine I took today, I thought my tummy would stop hurting.. Guess not bro, you like 24 hours late. Don't talk to me :) RT  Its me these girls r using to play eh??shm hisss  RT  Lmao!  eyya! (cont) happened in my town!!!!! It's discustingggggg Imaa good child ya'knoee " Lol .. Wicked child  "  :D"" I cried when was that scene too. it was really sad  and I cried at that elena & alaric scene when she was like 'you're If it were last year, we'd be getting out of school right now I don't get why  is so mean to me.. It's a real shame.  Here, a Pico picture to cheer us all up: This day sucks. whyyyy? RT  Such a shame  r.i.p &lt;3 Phew! That was a close one :) Aww poor you  What's photography like? What do you do? x x lucky! Well I am hoping he will tweet me once, but I'm starting to lose this hope songs that actually make me cry nm jc how you doing since you forgot about me yesterday lol Im not sure if i can now  bit late. working tomorrow?  Bndee ah missing yuh! Cuz they wanted me to see them :) RT  : nipple covers y u no cover my nipples properly My #LOVE to all y'all, back to bed, argh Other 8 gone on soccer AM. lol!!  I amm Shee really dnt no how to flat iron myyy HAIR I tore a hole in my tights the first time wearing them and I haven't even worn them out yet Awwwh poor you  the pic is soooooooooo damn flyyyyy like a G6 ;) oh well moni's always fly :D  I had a dream about my niece Ma'khiya last night.. I miss my baby sooooo much RT  Yooo I'm thru wit da convo u determine which female u r....a bald one or a no hair having ass? same, failing life :-( I was so pumped and now it's ruined. No comp tomorrow too bad it's not LAST friday night #OOC  just rest, watch some movies and drink a lot of tea with honey. Hope you feel better, really. OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  42 mall tonight with Zaeda:) #lasttimebeforeshemoves Just heard Etta James has died...How sad! Now I feel like singing At Last for her one more time, like I did when I was younger... RT   will do I've been blocked by that fashion designer who you told me about other day him who goes on QVC  x o RT  Its sad to say but I think I'm a workaholic 800k only for me track practice mwahahahahaha!!!! i can't help the fact im good looking, charming and funny  jhhhheezzz :L &lt;3 Rebooked for flight at 2pm rather than 9am. #KBS2012 :-( probably miss tonight's event Gotta get the 6.43 train tomorrow morning which means imma haveto wake up at like 6, & driving lesson on sunday at 8am. #IJUSTWANTALIEIN! i always sound really thick  i'm actually not at all! I feel like a shadow behind a name at school. Everyone knows me on twitter but not in real life  lol. So basically watching #eastenders on my TL Same:/ I almost cried when I found out  But other than that, I'm good :) xxx Zack lil lil!!! How's Madrid?? I miss you and Jess sooo muchh  hope all is going well! (: now I have no one to watch a moviie with...this sucks You don't?! Aww that's definitely it then I hallucinated and saw someone waiting for me on my bed when I came home and opened the door to my room. Is this a sign? #foreveralone Got the wear headache not feeling too good  Hope you're having a good day though yeah they're okay. I'm sick of them oh no  what's it on about xx RT  Not when  was tryna stay hidden from me today No!!! Don't sign em!!! RT  “  did u get the divorce papers I sent?”~~~ :-( i'm outta cash. lol im not mean lol Its not the same, feels so awkward damn you and your amazing memory skills  HAHA ergh hate history! Soooo boring :| WIGWAM :D I can't get my schedule changed These lifetime movies are sad Coomerte a besooss&lt;3  i need to be takin myself to fountain county very very soon..i miss everyone waaay too much!! How many did you have? RT   After 536 days of being a loyal #foursquare user  deleted all of my mayorships?It's a really sad thought knowing that because I'm young all the musicians i love will die before me and I'll just cry forever about it RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. Scotland needs believe tour!! we didn't get the my world tour RT  TGIF not so much fun when u can't have margarita Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 165 besides the fact your best buddy will be a hour away I've gotta head back after  I'm in west kensington at the troubador though if you happen to be near!? If not drinks soon! x easy #ThatShouldBeMe and #Next2You because that should be me next to you Need To Start Getting Ready For Work RT  I would loveeeee to go to Abu Dhabi or Bora Bora for my birthday holiday this year I'm busy wednesdays too.  we will just have to try sharing out. These people make me sad ... no one ever gets as excited about stupid things as I do ... Followed and then unfollowed by a "sceptic" without even a "hello" or anything. Owh I liked Phil mitchell Major headache Ben that was nice at all  #eastenders RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. i know shawtyyy  but i seen you getting on the bus i was like LESLIEEE !! lls Watching Top Gear USA. I WANT TO GO TO VEGAS but we're going to the chapel you know what would be great ... If my Smosh T-Shirt came soon ... I was randomly scratching my head and suddenly i look to my right and i see dandruff all over the place! WOW, mum's gonna get mad lol! I was expecting a picture of the pretzels itself. I expect the wrong things  not grand. Unlike youu! best start sayin' my goodbyes to everyone or else i aint gonna have no time.. only 10 days left in this wonderfuuuuul country! &lt;------ NEVER gets enough of Idk  its hard too choose they are all pretty catchy to me IT'S LIKE YOUR NOT REAL, I'd wife you off on a serious note, I'm in love  x Yes! Omg if they don't ill cry  and I don't know if you did I would go with you I guess xxx I need someone to hangout with  #loser happy days sounds good! :)  What happened your last job anyway? Yeah im not a fan either haha have one in london in feb  #fun Cause iThought You Were Going To Be At Tunxis Witt Me Major problems with our sound card  show starting at 8.30... No talking just my tunes... #gutted #TFFM peleas tras peleas :s I'd love to come over but sucks to be me that I live 2 hours away  xxx Lost My Batman Thingy I want it girl I got 6 and counting to ! Me to  my brother had her class and was like she's mean I was like yu just don't no her ! :) Exactly, sadly we go through so much In class..eyes heavy a.f. RT  Adelle and kate are ill, if they have made me ill i will kill them! shit  u? i miss much? For so excited for Hustle at 7:50 because I thought it was 8:50  #needtolearn24hourtime Things we're goin so well,until the chocolate came out  #chubbyflump  ah no I did ave 57 and then they all unfollowed me :o  ur in the lead once again..:/ its on bitch :D iPad battery is about to die only got 3% left  :/ get well soon! &lt;3 same here loads of stress  i start on monday when do you start!? you asked your teacher abt the exam? Awww, getting a little teary over #Eastenders  never felt so sorry for Phil Mitchell everrr, Ben Mitchell is a c*nt. Can't convince  to watch the Spiderwick Chronicles as it looks "too scary"  Damnn im going to dinner at six I was hopin it was later what's that about like? Please tell.. And yes Emma too, writing notes about me RT  RT  The alper you know is dead «  • sorry RT  This is tortureeeeee LUCKY!!! I don't have mtv2  but I am watching "E! Special: When Girls Kill" :0 Happy Birthday Mark. : ) I hope you've had a lovely day. Man, I really miss I'm A Celeb. : ( Here's hoping it wins an NTA. :) I do know....but I'm still sad Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 164  RIP Etta James it was only 5 days til her birthday yeah :-( me neither!  what about blue?! :) I used to have nightmares  #CSI Las Vegas... Its very scary No type of food here at home & I'm hungry i misss you! cant believe school starts monday already  but im not even counting it because of kiamos lmao #waytooexcited answered x 3. End of my vacation  FML ah yes I saw on shed  I'm so sad that Orla now sick too ( Ahh, well in that case you're screwed... The only way is to re-formatthe whole iphone  x Beyond ready to go back to school #soboredandalone #whydmyfriendshavetoleaveme RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. eu ainda to com sono I haven't had tea yet  #sad RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. So much homework this weekend!!! bored, someone text me  #teamfollowback #ifollowback #instantfollowback yes o my dear Still a damn C in English for the quarter though. My first C on a report card. when my phone turn gay on me; it hurts No. I wish Y it so damn hot "Well" is probably stretching it, but I am ok thanks :-) Good luck with the weight, wish I could get moving on mine :-( Giiirlll, bite your tongue clean off! I am definitely not. They did something to my skinny vanilla. :-( Tell Ree too come take care of me... I'm sick! tht doesnt sound fun RT My feet are colllllllllld  #teamfollowback #ifollowback #instantfollowback ....lmao dude...thats your mom oii #Looira , tbm to com saudadee  s2 sei triste? Nooooo! Phil is what makes eastenders exciting!!! Did it happened somethin sweetie? I reallly dont want Phil to go  #eastenders Ben you dekhead. I'm sad that I can't buy your album  but I KNOW I'll get it someday RT   GET ON. I MISS YAH, SO MUCH. 
I LOBE YAH, SO MUCH.
I WANT YAH HERE WITH MEH, SO MUCH. YOU'RE KILLIN ME BC YOU'RE OFF.  &lt;3 I'm here now but you aren't.  ♥ dreaming of: beaches .. vacations .. sleep .. not working every day for the rest of my life. :-( RT  I miss my baby My heart hurts.. Liverpool car centre have sold me an #a3 with a spare tyre that doesn't fit! And I only knew about it when my tyre popped beforeHeard a bit of AC DC but now silence  #tffm I want auburn hair ok i made out a few sentences &gt;:} so lucky you get to do that tho Ihave driven I-95...further north than you. But they do drive much faster. And more reckless Good for youuu i wanted the white ones but they get so dirty  you should get the navy :) xxxx Holy shit!  is proposing to Emma on glee?! #sadface #ReturningLaptop im  trying out a new thing of being less social......... where's my replyyyy mary?  o solo un RT?! working for the night Aww  RT  Wish I could be in Hollywood at the beach with my bitches and hoes  " ( -̩̩̩͡˛ -̩̩̩͡ ) RT  Some avatars should be called "diagrams"... Upon photoshop you are still ugly !!!" why not bro ??  I need those updates tho RT  I miss the mexico pedas        etc... eso me pone triste Wish I was where she was  ----------&gt; RT  Hi #HARLEM Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 169 please don't bully me because I'm from llantwit My babe stole all my confetti  But YAY we have a song :D bye phil i love you  hate u ben xx Eastenders are getting rid of all the best characters! that's even scarier bro.. What will we do with no websites? Slept at 12, woke up at 2. Went back to sleep, and now it's 430 and i'm awake. I need a good sleep Can't stop thinking bout what we saw today outside school... :'( Its bugging me that's cool. He hasn't followed me yet  been trying for 2 years and still nothing. ♥ The email that made me suffer. i know,they are so amazing together  STUPID ROSIE.  xx Came to a conclusion that all my friends are right. I am a lightweight   why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!  36 Fs eastenders wont be d same wid phil :-( iiWana Snake On Sumthin...Nd Sleep...But Daht Bad :-( trucking gotta work  no life this weekend.. Something going on?! Watchya doin JOI JOI JOI :) HOW ARE YOU DOING? YOU DONT TWEET PEOPLE BACK NO MORE so I'm stuck at home.I can't afford it :-( I'm french and coming to London on the 22nd for sure, just for the show.. and I don't have tickets yet. can I enter ? yeah I really want to go. It's only Thomson sport packages for sale just now and any afford it not even funny  my neck is going to be permanently stuck like that. I'm sorry RT  Comic Note. Instead of reaching at beach Sad Fairy has been lost in desert :p RT  Sad and miserable fairy he's got a really unfortunate face I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2050 pleaseeee followww meeeeee I actually love Phil Mitchell  #bensamug. OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  53 Hello bitches 
Been so long! But it's exams time for me  one more week and I'll be tweeting the shit out of you! Hope you all had a gr ... Ben used to be such a nice boy  #eastenders scheduled my first ortho appt. my invisiline wont be ready till march : ( #tears yeaaa I was so bummbed  I wasnt too giddy about the ending either haha rele depressing. exam season RT   same has happened to me before erika hwaiting  I promise it will get better and better the longer you are in daigaku ^~~^ Oh no my predictive text which adapts to your most used text just changed 'babe' to 'babes' yeah! But Ryan is horrible to her sometimes  xxx ahhh yes. PERFECT sleep weather. Sad I can't stay in and do that lol. I WANNNNNA DO SOMETHING OH MY GOD &lt;3333333  wished he would tweet me #ThingsICantStand when your friend dates the guy you like ON YOUR BIRTHDAY ! Just burnt my hair making soup a man that knows things, like tuning remotes to TVs... RT   I miss you  just so you know RT  , phone is tf dry : ( oops sorry! I read that right after I tweeted you! LOOL OMG WHAT DID BEN JUST DO  WHY DID HE DO THAT TO PHILL!!! nevermind. i found a way to find it, its in my house but i think its dead. RIP Etta James, you will miss I can't find it buh so no How can I clear up my macbook? Its running slow  ion feel good where do I find my own steve? - we miss you too xx i love you xx Huh?? What??? That can't be right... No 1 is that cold!!RT  Some lady slit open a pregnant womans belly and stole the baby OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  52 RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. sry i cnt see its my ipod  n why miserable? Well that was a nice 2 minutes of happiness. I really don't feel well Bessfrenn dnt say datt  [] times is gonna b hard but yuhh juss gotta put yuhr best foot forward & do watt yuhh can  Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 168  so my brother  is being mean I guess "Stay thirsty" was taken.   RT  Stay warm friends and have a great weekend. ive lost my phone why? :O how dare you lool i am broke y u say that yes I do  Andy you know I miss you hunni bear i miss em too buddy! however i prefer passing subjects xD ahahaha.... but seriously  #L6Maths I want a waffle & ice cream maker well thats not very nice!  x but whyyy  I'll bombard you with yellow hearts dont want next week to come D: dads going back to iraq Goodbye lunch  (@ Sammy's Woodfired Pizza) I hardly ever have time for fun stuff between school & work :-( byee, hope me luck,  talk to you tomorrow guys GOOD LUCKKKK northhhhhhhhh,beat SOUTH  !!  sorry i wont be there ill be out of town  LOVE YOU ALL ok when are you free next week? we need to hang! Awwe!  
Arby's will cure youuu!“ #oomf tweets about Beyonce too much. -___-” ••• is it me ? :-( I'm scared now; I don't like you sad! (&lt;3  no just third period, I wish it was all day RT  , phone is tf dry : ( OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  62 i have that naaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Same for me  i live in Portugal and they dont come here Turning 19 in 6 weeks  wanna be young for my whole life #peterpan RT  girls like the idea of me way more than they actually like me i wanna go to a jonas brothers concert again so bad omg tu loupe mes tweet  ( live on Anatomy and Physiology is kicking my but......have to stay in the books all day and nite if I wanna keep that 4.0! I miss those times! I'm growin up too fast im looking at housing for lsu now work  partyyyying!:) you? Everything on an iPhone is just confusing but, but, but, you look like a belieber? I can't believe it's already 6 years since my nan died. Miss her too much  xxxxx uncle  I miss our goofy convos RT  True say Liam has a job and I don't Aww, there's no more noodles yep apparently he is on trial :-( Oh no!  RT  Breaking News: Legendary singer Etta James has died. Rest in peace Etta. oh shizzle typo error  I miss your face!!! I'm good!! We need a Skype sesh soon. xxxxxxxx I hate being the last to turn 18 out of all my friends  When I turn 18, everyone is turning 19... RT  I actually love Phil Mitchell  #bensamug. does that mean she doesn't like me!?  lol #FF  missed u after school today !  &lt;3 noooo  no worries many shots will be taken !! phones dead I have to cheer My body is so sore Suck at everything but Viva Pinata yep. thought speakin yo mind would make things better...guess not ! you will just have to buy a new one..im sure theres a surgery for that! Haha . where's Onika , im a liddo worried about her  sigh [OM]G . Feel like goin out!! I Shouldv Sorry to hear about your dad  my prayers are with you and your family. Awee  You need to go; find out what's wrong; and thanks; you're welcome :)&lt;3 Wish youd notice me Loviiu mi amor! :* I miss you! Teletransportate para aca ps he is  doesnt know how to have a laff ;) ahh fridays are so shit when parents dont let you out  !! RT  !!!!!!!!!!! RT  I miss California I can hardly breathe I feel like crap OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  61 hey  my net cut off sooner than i thought.. apparently they count 30 days then shut me off  i miss yu! tripped over a curb as I was going home, my hands were full so went over face first and rolled a couple of times Paul, I love you, but this wasn't your best performance  #tvoh you should come to or around Plymouth! I REALLY want to see you live but all the tour venues are too far away why can't I but thunder &amp; lightening nail polish anywhere?! haha! Shhh ;) and literally nothing  you? ;) x I know your both leaving me  what am I gunna doo Me too, when i was going to school. I was like, I WISH I COULD CALL SUMMER! i'm moving to another city in sweden  ♥ Yes. if ones walking towards me i have to cross the road they're so unpredictable “ I hate my phone case.” me too! Josh Tillmann is leaving Fleet Foxes!!!  And I was just thinking today how awesome he is... wahh  I'm stuck at work till 8 I wish I could. Smoke the fattest blunt for me plz haha Miss jerry already  have fun in rhode island, and stay safeee! Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 174 my handwriting is fucking terrible! and yeah, it's dark so its hard to see  it was sick :) RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. This snow storm is ruining my plans to go to Philly to see  and  to tonight I miss you too This song is so sad  I'm listening to Flowers by Chris Young on Pandora 
 #pandora RT  Twitters whack ! RT      Awwwh poor you  the pic is soooooooooo damn flyyyyy like a G6 ;) oh well moni's always fly :D Po baby, he built like Texas... the whole state.  :-( i didn't get tickets for refused because i had meetings all morning. Wants her mum to get well soon.  xxxx where were you today then?! I Miss Aim && Myspace What did ben do? aint even home :O dont leave me to the silence nope :-( i am bespectacled! The world isnt ready for me with gegs on!! ahah then i shall start swimming now, only 10 days now  xx i cant watch the prelims here because i dont have Fuel TV channel and cant watch it online  I am used to watching prelims In desperate need of more followers      okay so i dream big &lt;3 PLEASE FOLLOW! x Ben Mitchell off eastenders is one ugly kid! The little twat I liked Phil wanna be lazy together. Let's start watching revenge, I've been watching all morning. Im obsessedd. And I kinda want panera Feel bad as fuck Nope. No it doesn't  But it has a smiley face in it. Haha wah you won't be in class anymore  ask her what my grade is! “  my intership dates got postponed. Time for a new plan.” oh noo Tooth is a little achey from my filling today The train was so chokka this morning my bag was immovable the whole journey hated it OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  60 :-(  Shame...he was playing well omg im exactly same  who wiv ?! Xxxxx dont ignore my tweets! Please follow me  #TEAMO sad thing is we still lost megaupload Some one come hold me RT   my friends cousin has just been told her 5mnth old baby boy has sma and to prepare for him not to see his first birthday haha sorry I was bored and you keep ignoring me! omg nose is soo blocked i literallty can't breathe through it Just realised that my father in law doesn't have sky sports or espn at his house and we are staying there tomorrow! Gonna miss match 3:30 Am I lol thanks x not bloody quiet tonight lol yes I do  and ThanksssssIt's so so so so so cold hahaha nw hrithik vl not tweet for next 4-5 days :P  Monty k tweets se dimaag ghum gya hoga aaj :PPP aw my cereal has gone soggy  #crycry picking randomly! sorry if you dont get the part Ugh I have to pick up my sister at 2. That means I have to get up “ #oomf tweets about Beyonce too much. -___-” ••• is it me ? :-( I'm scared now; I don't like you sad! (&lt;3  no just third period, I wish it was all day RT  , phone is tf dry : ( OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  62 i have that naaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Same for me  i live in Portugal and they dont come here Turning 19 in 6 weeks  wanna be young for my whole life #peterpan RT  girls like the idea of me way more than they actually like me i wanna go to a jonas brothers concert again so bad omg tu loupe mes tweet  ( live on Anatomy and Physiology is kicking my but......have to stay in the books all day and nite if I wanna keep that 4.0! I miss those times! I'm growin up too fast im looking at housing for lsu now work  partyyyying!:) you? Everything on an iPhone is just confusing but, but, but, you look like a belieber? I can't believe it's already 6 years since my nan died. Miss her too much  xxxxx uncle  I miss our goofy convos RT  True say Liam has a job and I don't Aww, there's no more noodles yep apparently he is on trial :-( Oh no!  RT  Breaking News: Legendary singer Etta James has died. Rest in peace Etta. oh shizzle typo error  I miss your face!!! I'm good!! We need a Skype sesh soon. xxxxxxxx I hate being the last to turn 18 out of all my friends  When I turn 18, everyone is turning 19... RT  I actually love Phil Mitchell  #bensamug. does that mean she doesn't like me!?  lol #FF  missed u after school today !  &lt;3 noooo  no worries many shots will be taken !! phones dead I have to cheer My body is so sore Suck at everything but Viva Pinata yep. thought speakin yo mind would make things better...guess not ! you will just have to buy a new one..im sure theres a surgery for that! Haha . where's Onika , im a liddo worried about her  sigh [OM]G . Feel like goin out!! I Shouldv Sorry to hear about your dad  my prayers are with you and your family. Awee  You need to go; find out what's wrong; and thanks; you're welcome :)&lt;3 Wish youd notice me Loviiu mi amor! :* I miss you! Teletransportate para aca ps he is  doesnt know how to have a laff ;) ahh fridays are so shit when parents dont let you out  !! RT  !!!!!!!!!!! RT  I miss California I can hardly breathe I feel like crap OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  61 hey  my net cut off sooner than i thought.. apparently they count 30 days then shut me off  i miss yu! tripped over a curb as I was going home, my hands were full so went over face first and rolled a couple of times Paul, I love you, but this wasn't your best performance  #tvoh you should come to or around Plymouth! I REALLY want to see you live but all the tour venues are too far away haha! Shhh ;) and literally nothing  you? ;) x I know your both leaving me  what am I gunna doo Me too, when i was going to school. I was like, I WISH I COULD CALL SUMMER! i'm moving to another city in sweden  ♥ Yes. if ones walking towards me i have to cross the road they're so unpredictable “ I hate my phone case.” me too! Josh Tillmann is leaving Fleet Foxes!!!  And I was just thinking today how awesome he is... wahh  I'm stuck at work till 8 I wish I could. Smoke the fattest blunt for me plz haha Miss jerry already  have fun in rhode island, and stay safeee! Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 174 my handwriting is fucking terrible! and yeah, it's dark so its hard to see  it was sick :) RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. This snow storm is ruining my plans to go to Philly to see  and  to tonight I miss you too This song is so sad  I'm listening to Flowers by Chris Young on Pandora 
 #pandora RT  Twitters whack ! RT      Awwwh poor you  the pic is soooooooooo damn flyyyyy like a G6 ;) oh well moni's always fly :D Po baby, he built like Texas... the whole state.  :-( i didn't get tickets for refused because i had meetings all morning. Wants her mum to get well soon.  xxxx where were you today then?! I Miss Aim && Myspace What did ben do? aint even home :O dont leave me to the silence nope :-( i am bespectacled! The world isnt ready for me with gegs on!! ahah then i shall start swimming now, only 10 days now  xx i cant watch the prelims here because i dont have Fuel TV channel and cant watch it online  I am used to watching prelims In desperate need of more followers      okay so i dream big &lt;3 PLEASE FOLLOW! x Ben Mitchell off eastenders is one ugly kid! The little twat I liked Phil wanna be lazy together. Let's start watching revenge, I've been watching all morning. Im obsessedd. And I kinda want panera Feel bad as fuck Nope. No it doesn't  But it has a smiley face in it. Haha wah you won't be in class anymore  ask her what my grade is! “  my intership dates got postponed. Time for a new plan.” oh noo Tooth is a little achey from my filling today The train was so chokka this morning my bag was immovable the whole journey hated it OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  60 :-(  Shame...he was playing well omg im exactly same  who wiv ?! Xxxxx dont ignore my tweets! Please follow me  #TEAMO sad thing is we still lost megaupload Some one come hold me RT   my friends cousin has just been told her 5mnth old baby boy has sma and to prepare for him not to see his first birthday haha sorry I was bored and you keep ignoring me! omg nose is soo blocked i literallty can't breathe through ityou're being mean  lol why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!   48 RT  How did my name get mixed up with KImble :-( why u never ride the bus anymore? got suspended from the pass in study hall  no more walks with  Or you two are cruel Taan lindaa miss u tuu madre  RT  Extraño a mi hijo I'm bored and my hair needs straightened *sigh RT   awe, that was soooo cute! & honestly, I feel like that sometimes too. ;/ My cousins like 25 years and he wants to debate who is better looking me or him I know . #sadday wtf happened to you two, girls? U r making me worry RT  my poor cousin :/ OMG I KNOW OMG  i have fucking mrs.mitchinson though, my sister said she's a good teacher but i dont like her LOL  xxxx Du violeur RT   Ugh! Give it to me!  Dad refuses to buy it. I know. Or at least be rich enough so that we can travel there. I want to go so badly. Can't believe I'm gonna miss my cousins engagement tomorrow. She's like my big sister I needa get ma Grades Up Or I wont be able to play spring Football :-( I am  are you as insane? I feel like a divorcee without you its not my faaault don't be maddd Definitely not as relaxing as I thought  oh well I got a pretty color :) but i love mcdonaldsss Tamwar is so cute! Just forgive affia this long loud ass train .. a nigga tryna sleep . OH! Well still...don't talk about me! no we still have 5 months unfourtunatly thats not me, #nobrowniepoints I know 5 bits of art left, comee onnn! Gunna take forever though it won't let me send you a message  desijo395 I swear  be running all over me  like "yeah u can talk to liz she coordinates/in charge BUT im the boss..." Huh? O_o :-( I hate it when little mans sick, you feel so helpless. Glad you boys on the mend. Always tired but never sleepin RT  In HGK I saw this beautiful collabo: nespresso X Shanghai Tang coffee set. Got my normal nespresso so didn't get it :-( enough to delay flights  #sadgfmissingoverseasbf true! But i'm so gutted I'm not getting to see them again I just cracked my nail OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  76 Wish I could go to the games WTF BEN you absolute dickhead!! Game over for phill  #eastenders 2day is the worst day of my life I swear!!!!!!!!!!! But being at home on a Friday sucks too :/ oh how I need a job why are u not in any of my classes!!?? Hell feel like an 80 year old woman got such a bad back On the way to cheer and I see a dog get hit by a car #sosad Break time please I cant believe I have to sit here smelling an amazing curry cooking that I will never try Pero con escenas hot's I Want Him To Come Over Tomorrow  To Watch Movies Like We Use To crying that I can't see you tonight  #1Derful She's only like 300k behind me, don't say that. Italy, I need to go there. I want to meet my family #dear #ECG,I waS jes abt to charge my PHONE.. a lot especiaslly desserts so i have to experiment to make things tasty but wont make me poorly so sad :-( lmao  well i have a gooooood idea on how to solve this problem ! can't wait to see you :D feels like I've not seen you in ages  love you Kirsty Martin Logan &lt;3 xxxxxx so with mystic gone, does that mean no more cool lightning weapon enchant we saw on first barb video from a few years back? #ThingICantStand : not seeing my honnie thinking........i got nothing I need a ride to Hayward I wish I went to vista same :/ holiday, two hotel rooms, Jess' birthday, mam's birthday and loads of other stuff what is it ? Studying. Smh, Dha Terms That They Use In Dha Medical Field omg my mates shitting herself coz everyones asking if shes a lesbian & shes bisexual but she's really scared of what people will say I will be sad too  I feel like im already leaning towards NO b/c its gonna be icky (just a ? of how bad) & I dont drive BUT... RT  Dri told me my head look small would be awesome but I don't have themoney for it just now man Lmfao !!!!! With no fuckin date !!!! & I work  so its a maybe .. Batt low, charger kat rumah. Macam mana ni? ` I Should Have Went To My Sister`s House ~.~   , I need to go to the hospital tonight  I really really don't feel good ughhh . Tomorrow suck............ :-( getting old.... They don't say they do Cork RT  Wish we had a Canes in Maysville Where are you??? aww I miss you too nay ! i do bubbz  #fucker It feel like I'm rey throw up no tf i didnt lmfao dude. I miss u so much. I need to gather my thoughts  u just made me emotional on twitter Ohh  just dropped my eyelash glue everywhere! oh my god YES! I never get to go to Nando's  xxx Phone's about to die I miss you too!! My brother be killing me with all this yelling wen i dont feel good I missss you OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  75 Omg you absolute pig! I can't finish is  may have to save it for later #eyestoobigformybelly! Me and my chap got it BOGOF (: I LOST ANOTHER 4 FOLLOWERS...WHY!!?!?!? RT  I never thought it would be this hard  x dirty basterd IT'S TOO HARD TO GET NOTICED BY YOU  BUT #NEVERSAYNEVER RIGHT ?25 why are my covers taking so long to upload ha thanks. I meant to send this picture. So no tix?   my son would love to go. Lol aww me too  thanks baby! RT   happppppy birthday, wish i could celebrate with you honeybee. 🎉🎁🎈 RT  i'm so awkwardly shy when i first meet somebody :-( body aches and itchy, watery eyes ... yuppp, getting sick Ahmad Abbas  stupid judges and Ahlam screw her! RT   why u laughin punk lol-my bad.u ln my bad list! No happy bday from u I'm so tired The fucking math test...ugh i dont get the word problems RT  please keep tweeting believe tour to middle east Being unfollowed is the worse feeling ever just get drunk with the kddy's? ;) haha! But seriously your a fool! I wanna comeeeeeeeeeee Ohhhhhhhh, the lights r back on in tema but I left home n the lights on! :-( RT   ain't we all yes u do I havent got anyyyy  try again 3343151512 loll bcccc we got to talkk hate predrinking on my own in wimborne! wahhh My eye is itchy.. I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2051 I forgot my spray  we deserve this punishment i cant believe Etta James is dead  RIP Something's wrong.. awww no sad faces are...sad  aha but if you need some more help with the calc just let me know :P  if u still in love that person how u goin to find time to love me  sigh I txted   today to check up my love , but didn't get a text back Haha this acc kinda of Sad but only like 8  lol I'm so sorry  I hope you feel better though Kiran. &lt;3 i will  just not for the next two weeks RT  Did not realise that THAT'S who Etta James was  amazing voice!!! The seats in the lecture room are all taken... Not tot talk of the labs and discussions.. My chest hurts :-( im bored :-( what to do????? I used to like the old Ben that liked tap dancing and got bullied by girls  #eastenders yeah he was :-( eu tbm to I feel so grown looking for apartments, but that makes me sad  #ImBecomingAnAdult RT  Ben Mitchell needs a kicking! Eastenders won't be the same without phil #jedwardgenius trending! can't do quiz cuz missed most of it its so sad I have 38.7°C fever EW EW EW. Now I know what tonight's pregnancy dream is going to be I know! i'm bored  do ye guys want to ask me any questions ?waiting for megan to finish to start the #imagineblitz :) please trend it !! neee neeee I know  what you got 2nd semester ??? You know you short when you walking up the stairs and your knee caps hit the steps bored, someone text me  #teamfollowback That's just too sad man it is  and they have too many guys on the show Feeling another migraine coming. I miss   I feel like I haven't seen her in foreverrr. Don't you just hate it when you accidentally use Head'n'Shoulders shampoo and your ginger hair colour runs away down the drain The way I felt like I cud become a rapper after watchin dis movie yrs ago... Mxm it punkd me Sachin can save Proteas now  :P #SAvsSL you haave to come “ I love eating muffins, right up until I get to the bottom of it...  #muffinproblems” my life. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOUR STUPID GAME  I'm gonna start crying omg stop describing unnatural Sims occurences to me  xx I miss my ride awwwww bitch me tool I didn't think I would miss it but I do ooooo I'm gunna watch the rest of Bad boys 2 and then maybe war horse. Still need to do my essay where u transfering to??? U leavn us I miss Eaan OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  85 Fabian vs stuck cars: car 1: 1/0, car 2: 0/1. Lmao :{) kind of going ginger now. hey justin, idk if ur online right now, but if you are could you please follow me?? im kinda having a crappy day  I don't lol, my life sucks worse it looks like I sprained my ankle. #ThingsICantStand When people think they like Kanye more than me Sorry, I honestly can't think of anything! #brainwreck Hardest day of my entire life oh amake sori RT  But this be the shit Nazif go talk me?? I'm hurt Dang do Everybody Hates Chris come on anymore  huh At a gay club :) such sergzyness only. But no winning tonight. So my lady needs to put herself in checj  *wipes jizz off leg* today i feel sooo blah  i hate being fucking sick ! 10 % Mufuckas that don't devien their shrimp&lt;  perfectly ruined shrimpy Broke the high E string on my guitar i'm saving up... Y u no follow me  you know i love wtk and ctfxc &lt;3 Sad about Etta James lost, “At Last” is my favorite audition song ever maheueud it's sa early aaaaw I'm sorry  feel better love! Will a bottle of bacardi cheer you up? #fwof style & im alone my mommy not here with me my day of tomorrow so lie in for me . Then I got football in the afternoon hope it's not to cold  lol RT  I HATE loosen friends wow cass that's not even funny. I've been looking fwd to the keg all day yeaa but I can't run too many films. Too little money am I sick again? 
my last cold was baaad. I don't have any Emojis  Sprint reset my whole phone! I need to go to the gym today I have pigged out like theirs no tomorrow for 2 nights now. Thing is I can't move, too comfy the ying and the yang I guess ;) cheers to it though! xxx must see more of you hun, today made it feel ages RT  I Misss NEW YORK because it's so sad  but i love it :) you HAVE to watch the trailer for it, soo sexyyyyyyyyy I'm gonna die!! It prob won't even show in theaters in Sweden  My Back Hurt Then iM Sleepy but I can't. RT  Thinking hard on a tweet an getting no retweets #disappointing  lol RT  No but where on earth is  ?Stat  (@ East Library) [pic]:  I miss  more than she misses me I was in church. Honest. Ewh!! People be dirty on these buses!! I need to make time to take my drivers liscense test ASAP!! I want my car!! :LOL IVE BEEN WORKING TO HARD THIS WEEK . I GOTTA SORE BACK TOO I'm white...all the time why do you have to leave meeeee. Atleast we'll still have gym togetha! Batt low Awww my baby lost his first match Poor car  back tire flat. whole side is dented in. front tire is fucked up. 😢 I was in the same stall in the bathroom with my friend and got kicked out What did Ben do?? :-( Thiss is sadd  i dont want to say goodbye to my fAv chef RT  I haven't seen my twins in 3 days haha luv ya too babycakes lol! urghh i seriously don't know what to write for this english crap He wasnt in 7th hour  he was in 1st hour though!! #disappointed Loneely in de garage not looking promising unless we can get someone to cover for me  I'll know by Sunday. That ok? Doesnt work in Canada it's so annoying how one direction songs/albums are released in britain before they're released here #ijustlovethem your sites not working - has a YSOD Back to work We all home sick  I know I miss the hell outta my lil sister.. &lt;3 RT  Everybody going home this weekend...why? what's wrong??? guess not... now im SUPER SAD SAM! I'm really worried now  RT  I hateee when my dads in my dream and I get all excited but then I wake up and realize it's just a dream i can't believe you're in my country and i can't go see you  a followback would make it better tho Cuz your last name is Pertilla, where is that from?? Lol and smh. Long story short, I still had nothing interesting to say very sorry to hear that  I will keep y'all in my prayers... It's like cute text don't exist anymore. RIP Etta James :-( I've watched this a million time in my life: Something's Got A Hold On Me - Live 1962: OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  93 Lol you know its the truth Omg :-( just been looking on Peggy Porschen's course's as I really love her work she is fantastic, however I... Thats a weird name  never go to places with weird names RT   inklination -______- I know  £80 for a week of doing not very much is just not fair! Awh, Irene, tell Claire I'm so sorry! juss threw up Lunch with my sisters and nieces :) minus my sissy poo:/ “  looool fuckery” LOOOOL!  its true. Damn us pakis Died a 73 years because of leucemia!! RIP #EttaJames #dearEtta!! Baby pls na  RT  *Not interested jor! Leave me alone. ahhhhh pobrecita  nd  wat u have?? its not that simple.  RT  Annabelle_Ejem Lol just tune in and listen. That's all. goodbye social life the weekend, homework all weekend I'm gonna ask my mom if I can get my tattoo while we're in NY, North Carolina laws won't let me I'm hyper help The train website is confusing me!  I can't seem to get a day return anymore for the journey I usually take! :-s Sophies smiling at me cause she loves my afro  me hate da fro yes . Even tho I feel like shit ! I miss Lil Puggy Feel like i'm going to throw up When you fall asleep at 7:15pm and wake up an hour later boiling hot and you feel like you're gonna throw up :-( These here balls will never grow for skydiving!  I wish u luck my friend. I eat shit loads just get fat tho...... No muscule  #DENCCHHH Jus ordered crumpys :) i hv a headache Same. Just got home and I'm starving. I didn't text back because I have nay credit. RT  , phone is tf dry : ( Ill pray for her RT " you ripped out my heart & you stepped on it." I didn't OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  92 A tag taah caindo 

Believe Tour To Brazil RT  When Someone Gets The Same Exact Thing I Want It Makes Me Not Want It Anymore it's fine haha! I think so, I wanted to wear heels but m not that sure now  do you know what you're wearing? X its my shitting contract  ahhh sweeet!! I've got about 15 hours overtime to come to me this month :D left my blankey at AJ's   be nice and bring it to meee Gutted! I missed you when you went to Radio Freq, my dads tight didn't even hook me up to meet you Missin summer awk no!  I get that from other people too! Just heard of the passing of a family friend  he and his wife were married for 53 years! She's understandably heartbroken. My feet are so cold aw I hope you get to feeling better soon. idk i didn't saw it. I had to study a lot that day so idk  i saw a pictures of him in internet at the red carpet.... Why? RT  Dubul' injaaaar! RT  I haven't eaten all day RT   too many films. Too little money Should I trade my ipad ?  hmm Jess! We're both out, can't play only to million pound drop  have fun tonight xxx I wonder what time my dad is getting home ... so much for a quiet day were you okay in the latest video diary? you looked really sad, like about to cry at one point no hun I was gonna ask you for your pin why ! #OMG  RT  RIP, Johnny Otis and Etta James! (And Jimmy Castor!) I hope you don't get any worse  that sore throat can get worse! Hope your drinking water RT  I miss my AWBD frandsss!!  #lovethem #itsonlybeenaweek y'all r soooo cute and it makes me depressed   #singlegirlproblems oh ya i forgot about that  and she's kinda of a hard grader so my note will probably go down It looks like amarone, and tastes a little like amarone. But that is all. Choose more carefully than I did :-( aww maaan  thats not nice  haven't got one at the mo So much to do i think  will finally follow me when im 63. Arr guess i got a long way to go awh i miss Coach right  , crazzzy. They said she had leukemia. omg I forgot to tell you, Mr. Smith wouldn't sign the paper so y friend can come to our formal! Wish I read that earlier OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  96 yur upset? Why? Someone let me take care of their health babyyyy TERRIBLEEE D: I miss you tooo!!!! It's been SO long. I don't even get to see Tizzy anymore i went to the locker room and when i came back you were gone Awh your so beautiful! I miss yuhhh I know! Carlisle is SO far away as well  Well I'm free from 4.30 tomorrow but depends if u wish to invite anyone else :) x you can I can still sign you up :-( Now I hate to say I told you snow sucks but.... Lol Can't believe you've no power. Is Paul there? loool that's peak :-( ur such a meanie RT   Lol you must be a virgin_____  Nvm ....  i wont be there #sadface IT'S TOO HARD TO GET NOTICED BY YOU  BUT #NEVERSAYNEVER RIGHT ?29 Can you not get a new one? That's sucks!!  x ditto for the former. Ditto for you on the latter I knew u were gne tweet again, so much for goodnight. Its one of my followers RT  Vee_Jay_Jay_ what, who is #OOMF aww man  Ruth you should total do it! I miss my old, fun classes. RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much I need a haircut damnnn , rollbounce just went off i miss u baby Someone do something with me this weekend! Now that nyc is cancelled thanks to snow that happened to my cat once as well, my mum was nearly crying:P x sadly its a yess shh he can't help it Estimated that 80% of the Amazon Basin will be lost forever by 2030 old rosie has a tumor  i just gave her a cold piece of bacon. #HammondRemedies yucky  when do you leave campus? I dont now why I keep trying to send u tweets , if I know you just read the tweets of people of UK I wish I could claim a child on my taxes : ( #ThingsICantStand websites changing their layouts so i have to get used to it again  .. Yes twitter i'm talking about you! Hungry. But I dont want to eat ever again Depressed that  is transferring to Kings Point for the Marine Academy next year  &lt;/3 RT  I want chickfila I want a valentine Wlh Some Peeps Are Just Educated illiterates,They just Be Running Their Mouth's Like Tap  RT (cont) haha nothing I know of sorry loveeee I heard its gonna snow in a hour, ughh I hate snow dunno why but my teeth hurts  #fuck RT  My boyfs a bully AlloShowTV est définitivement fermé  Please body dont throw up FUCK Edwin really died  WHYYY? #GTST Twitter cleared all my dm's without me reading them  RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  and  R-T if u followed! :)x He's out,the Omani dude :-( ♥ OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  95 sort ur post out mate, wrong message :-( I want many followers :) help me please people  RT "  " Sideline story LPs are back anyway. Most music stores in India have them nowadays, but cost abt INR 1000, almost PKR 2000 each que sdd de você putia RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. This friday class is going to be the death of me. Here till 6 where are you ? Good because I didn't get paid to day I remember in elementary school on valentines day everyone would go around giving candy and cards to each other. I miss that. RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. Jaleel have to go back to court today : ( damn i thought my phone was charging Power will be back on Monday at the earliest. I'm having major eSports withdrawls. JUST got my nails done and my thumb nail broke. All the way down to the skin. :-( #Fail just seen your earlier tweet. That's so sad :-( Oh my god the house is actually on t'internet now poor girl  ps 1D is beating JB in a video clash- the power of directioners is crazy and amazing &lt;3 yess ethioo!! It started playin and I jus remembered summer!! Ahh great timess man  we had too much fun try working on a department full of amazingg shoes  that's when its depressing :'( I wish it didn't take so fucking long to lose weight!!!  #frustrated RT  Milli Vanilli never calls me anymore. I bet he forgot my number Aw, I'm guessing you're not happy about that?  #SoSorry &lt;/3 OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  94 wanna talk? RT  2yrs I've been playing this cat and mouse game witchu...I'm human...I've got my limits headache hahaha yeaaah!!:D um whats a conference?  loooool xx RT  I miss Beyonce...that is all : ( Laid in bed watchin t.v :) feel crap  and need some money!!! Mmmm No Txt Back Most of us don't even make 50K a year. Ahh thats a shame So disapointed thank you baby, tried to link fam to a pro green lyric but my mind has gone blank  xxxx I feel so bad that I haven't tweeted that much today  #Incomplete I could meet you's for tea Friday Im not having a night out till the week after  will someone get Vicki to txt me wasn't even this bad at tesco back when i drank vodka RT  #ThingsICantStand When people think they like Kanye more than me not on the Nile Sat with which I'm stuck Ben blames his dad because he got raped when he was in jail probably I'm fine thanks, I know  I've been busy with a) papers b) exams c) being sick How are you? My head phone broke Mehh I'm cold What about the gig the second of march?omg I forgot to tell you, Mr. Smith wouldn't sign the paper so y friend can come to our formal! Wish I read that earlier OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  96 yur upset? Why? Someone let me take care of their health babyyyy TERRIBLEEE D: I miss you tooo!!!! It's been SO long. I don't even get to see Tizzy anymore i went to the locker room and when i came back you were gone Awh your so beautiful! I miss yuhhh I know! Carlisle is SO far away as well  Well I'm free from 4.30 tomorrow but depends if u wish to invite anyone else :) x you can I can still sign you up :-( Now I hate to say I told you snow sucks but.... Lol Can't believe you've no power. Is Paul there? loool that's peak :-( ur such a meanie RT   Lol you must be a virgin_____  Nvm ....  i wont be there #sadface IT'S TOO HARD TO GET NOTICED BY YOU  BUT #NEVERSAYNEVER RIGHT ?29 Can you not get a new one? That's sucks!!  x ditto for the former. Ditto for you on the latter I knew u were gne tweet again, so much for goodnight. Its one of my followers RT  Vee_Jay_Jay_ what, who is #OOMF aww man  Ruth you should total do it! I miss my old, fun classes. RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much I need a haircut damnnn , rollbounce just went off i miss u baby Someone do something with me this weekend! Now that nyc is cancelled thanks to snow that happened to my cat once as well, my mum was nearly crying:P x sadly its a yess shh he can't help it Estimated that 80% of the Amazon Basin will be lost forever by 2030 old rosie has a tumor  i just gave her a cold piece of bacon. #HammondRemedies yucky  when do you leave campus? I dont now why I keep trying to send u tweets , if I know you just read the tweets of people of UK I wish I could claim a child on my taxes : ( #ThingsICantStand websites changing their layouts so i have to get used to it again  .. Yes twitter i'm talking about you! Hungry. But I dont want to eat ever again Depressed that  is transferring to Kings Point for the Marine Academy next year  &lt;/3 RT  I want chickfila I want a valentine Wlh Some Peeps Are Just Educated illiterates,They just Be Running Their Mouth's Like Tap  RT (cont) haha nothing I know of sorry loveeee I heard its gonna snow in a hour, ughh I hate snow dunno why but my teeth hurts  #fuck RT  My boyfs a bully AlloShowTV est définitivement fermé  Please body dont throw up FUCK Edwin really died  WHYYY? #GTST Twitter cleared all my dm's without me reading them  RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  and  R-T if u followed! :)x He's out,the Omani dude :-( ♥ OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  95 sort ur post out mate, wrong message :-( I want many followers :) help me please people  RT "  " Sideline story LPs are back anyway. Most music stores in India have them nowadays, but cost abt INR 1000, almost PKR 2000 each que sdd de você putia RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. This friday class is going to be the death of me. Here till 6 where are you ? Good because I didn't get paid to day I remember in elementary school on valentines day everyone would go around giving candy and cards to each other. I miss that. RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. Jaleel have to go back to court today : ( damn i thought my phone was charging Power will be back on Monday at the earliest. I'm having major eSports withdrawls. JUST got my nails done and my thumb nail broke. All the way down to the skin. :-( #Fail just seen your earlier tweet. That's so sad :-( Oh my god the house is actually on t'internet now poor girl  ps 1D is beating JB in a video clash- the power of directioners is crazy and amazing &lt;3 yess ethioo!! It started playin and I jus remembered summer!! Ahh great timess man  we had too much fun try working on a department full of amazingg shoes  that's when its depressing :'( I wish it didn't take so fucking long to lose weight!!!  #frustrated RT  Milli Vanilli never calls me anymore. I bet he forgot my number Aw, I'm guessing you're not happy about that?  #SoSorry &lt;/3 OMGGGG!!!!!!!!  I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  94 wanna talk? RT  2yrs I've been playing this cat and mouse game witchu...I'm human...I've got my limits headache hahaha yeaaah!!:D um whats a conference?  loooool xx RT  I miss Beyonce...that is all : ( Laid in bed watchin t.v :) feel crap  and need some money!!! Mmmm No Txt Back Most of us don't even make 50K a year. Ahh thats a shame So disapointed thank you baby, tried to link fam to a pro green lyric but my mind has gone blank  xxxx I feel so bad that I haven't tweeted that much today  #Incomplete I could meet you's for tea Friday Im not having a night out till the week after  will someone get Vicki to txt me wasn't even this bad at tesco back when i drank vodka RT  #ThingsICantStand When people think they like Kanye more than me not on the Nile Sat with which I'm stuck Ben blames his dad because he got raped when he was in jail probably I'm fine thanks, I know  I've been busy with a) papers b) exams c) being sick How are you? My head phone broke Mehh I'm cold What about the gig the second of march? I wish the new #GossipGirl episodes were on netflixoh no, the homicidal maniac dies  &lt;3 I want to hug you  :$ People made fun of me today because my jersey was from the kids section  SORRY IM SHORT DAMN LOL! Don't start parring pakis now  I'm paki. We ain't that bad Nothing to do tonight  this sucks hahaa, I'm not though, that's the thing needs credit card info I don't wanna switch into my clear nose ring..  Its such a hassle. So dead, tired and down. Poopy friday I Guess My Bestfriend Not Coming Over The character speculation thread ended From Monday am gonna be stress  its hard u know RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying il more than likely have a match next sat Me too? No? No?RT   I MISH YOU! I Miss Being That Little Girl Who Ran With Her Big Brother &'nd Cousins &'nd Being The Tuffest Oneee..  #GoodDays I have to bc the place closes by the time I get off just found out one my cats has a heart problem and she could die at any time  thank god she's not in any pain. my poor baby. #sadtweet Can understand you! Haven't been horse riding in ages You didn't mention me.  I'm not even mad right now just super sad Hehe OMG LOL. dying. I'm still younger than Hazza  Stupid flaking age difference Ugh ! Lemme know when! Maybe lunch/ dinner? :) RT   next month sometime,  helping my mom move then I'm out. awwwww no plans for the weekend then?? Another weekend is going to go by and I won't get to see my boys  #sadtweet i look at justin and wish that i was selena gomez #ThingsICantStand being sooo tired and not seeing my james  x RIP Etta James  serious Ledge Damnit i cant! Is there any other way i can speak to u i know!! its not fair cause they're so nice Treasuring the time I have left with my fraans. 8 more months left before everyone leaaves  #gonnamissthesedays i get called morbid when i'm morbid and when i'm happy i get called weird oh no  but you must have been cute :3 we only have belle and beast Barbie-like dolls, a singing belle doll and a soft belle doll & kids clothes :-( we need more no, my mum sucks! i would come if she let me! mom wont take me to a real hospital lol. But i have mono...and lemme tell u, this shit is NOT fun. I cant eat awww I wish I could  but I got to do some work. Have fun and have drink for me :)  me too I'm mad I didn't see you today you seen it?? its bloody huge and the bald spot is massive Work till 11. now i'm in a funk after reading my brothers article Me too, except I know ill be lonely by tomorrow  xx He Already Does Me and Mark have just realised in the near 2 yrs we have been 2gether we have never been out dancing 2gether burns from a perm&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Ikr.....sum BS but I gotta do it :-( old customers are always mean RT  " I wish it was possible to have a gay boyfriend  I love them so much" they are nicer and def have better bods lol!! X I haven't gotten paid by his company yet.. guess he couldn't stick by his word :-( RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying Tweeting pointless tweets but I want to be a rep in ibiza  #fitboys Mee tooo  RT  I miss being 18 hi. so. I kinda sorta miss you lots! I didn't even get to see Yu, the last time I was dwn there.. so the first march date would be better for me sorry hp :-( #WeNeedBelieveTour I want to go to a  soooo freaking badddd.  #wecantwaitbieber #Dreambig #neversaynever &lt;3 wish gavin & stacey was real :-( Need money desperately Ahh, well until that day....i love you more!!! ;D &lt;3 RT  Woke up feeling like shit I miss I really want to go to the game tonite  #ohwell RT  One of my headphones blew!  FUCK we can keep doing this, lol. i just really wish i had a Mac right now Awww  I know right . And I officially hate marc spokes for wacking his willy on my shoulder 2nd thing you've shut down in the past 24 hours  #thankkkks big fat rich people do it for sports, it's really sad yeh ew why did this song come on that is too cute boo waiting on mi sure thang :-( Nooo I want Megavideo!! I'm going to miss getting out early  ahhh. woo, lifes good i got my phone back for 5 mins and then it got taken away from me RT  lordy, i hope everythings okay w/ agnes.... :s •  whats wrong?? *smh*.. Ths wedding wasn't going to work shem..... The Kardashians are tooooooooo concerned with perfection... poor Kris  don't we all  lol 6:00pm seems so far from now..  im ready to get off.. When we can have #Stelena back? Please We / I need you. W/o you both together it's not the same as before...  please Also, I made pancakes this morning which turned out to be useless because I couldn't even taste them yep. Not good yo shawty, I miss you ! when you miss someone so much, you feel the loneliness. RT  my gurl is getting so old nope...  the guy said around 4 but tatas gonna drop me off ..we're on our way and he'll pick it up i want waffles but . . . i don't have waffles Can't wait for my op now on Monday - just want to feel better :-( I really wanted to retire the school's flags! Noooo. Once in a lifetime chance I'm fucken cold  Everytime i was cold he was always there to warm me up &lt;|3 ;( I miss him . . TO COM FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOME think I'm gonna be in Northampton hun  we will next a date very soon though!! :) Wants to say a massive thank you to everyone at work who's cheered me up today! Wouldn't have got through it without you! Subsidy things.. No money 2 fuel his bugatti  RT  Sweardown! " i saw lil wayne on bike dis morning.....o.O" I'm doing that yawny :O face.  #teamfollowback #ifollowback #instantfollowback that makes me sad hah They sayin my Uncle wontmake itthrough the weekend I miss Rebecca StylesLooking through old NME copies from last summer, they're all about festivals mehhh take me back to summer!  #longing Aww my moms sick I'm not in town this weekend.... I knowww ! I would like to see you soon. ! Or even this summer !  so we can have some memories and tizzy still loves youuu! RT  i miss u baby I always feel like, no one is following me RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying It's snowingg soo much!! : ( I hope I'm not losing followers with all of my Yardsellr tweets.   Please bear with me. :) Brianna almost got 1,00 followers  shoooot! i had more than her at one point ... RT   I just need more practice I just wanna be home already i miss my god baby  she's the closest thing to a newborn ima get til im atleast 25 lol, lord knows i'm not ready for legit parenting 2009 erj3 ana bmoot bs abe Michael Jackson y3eeesh  I'm effing serious! Same  But she said she'll be back soon x wish I had someone to see the vow with  #lookssogood  For weeks I've had a sinus/ear problem but not infected. Tonight it feels like I've been smashed in the face  ouch lfjlfdlfsnmlkdfg my twitter changed i hate it They shouldn't force him to ask me . But that's life . The anticipation of eating a kit kat senses to win £10,000! And strangely enough i didn't win  still a mug for buying 3 though! My head can't do those kind of things tho  Yes! :) Were just both sad 7raam elbnt cuute that looks miserable  snow is evil Then if you refuse pudding to talk to me, then I'll refuse pudding to talk to you. But i still have to go at 9  xx i need a walk in closet really? Hows essex? Got your own room? I'm bored too  the witch is at the pics and  is playing foooooosball xx yeahh some voucher in the post! I'm not the big fan of cold pizza though OHHH NOOOOO. THE OTHER NBA WIVES WERE LAUGHING AT YOU VANESSA???? I wish my hair apt was Tonight instead of in the Am  I wanna go to the Mixx #damnit I won't b there yet!!  eat good. I got cheated out of carrying flowers. Im hungry &i ate all my food. So sad. Smh :-( My poor doggy is in the vet on a drip!  I hope you get better Maisie!  xxxxx RT  RT  What is with my and Nigerian's their flipping hot you know. &lt; u and ur shit grammar&lt; it's the iPhone Lmao no, I still give in sometimes  Saturday? ;P Oh booger...no locations on the eastern side of PA w/apple caramel stix. Thats sad But Still As The Song Goes Aaj Hamara Kal Apna..
But Again A BIGGG Thank You For The Wonderful Memories! Just got some bad news today. Maybe a follow from  or  could make me feel better RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying what's ben upto at work damn this cloudy night lucas . (americas next top model) disse:
Wanna be on top?
Coryn saiu 
'GioK disse:
coitada 
A GENTE FINGE QUE ENTENDE -s no! I had fake profile of me made No one.... Minxy my chickadee r u ok? Them rug rats been giving u their germs?! Im so annoyed. I broke my fast because i felt faint i have so much studying to do  god i dont want to think about it. 😡 I'm not even ready for Mardi Gras tomorrow Ugh, that hit me so hard  RIP Andy, I miss you Working the next 3 weekends :-( #notgotalife.com  jealous!  My flight doesn't take off for another 4 hours or so Uuuugh  cancelled flight put a real dent in my day  ....thanks Delta *insert bbm pissed face* don't judge me Soar throat not even half a million Supposed to be at the high school in ten minutes picking Nicole up... still laying in my bed #lazy I miss you so much Luna &lt;3 I don't want you to be sad baybeee Regret got shit on what I'm feeling now... #ShouldHaveBoughtTicketsToDrake'sConcert ii know :-(  x All I need right now is someone to talk to  supposed to be with i seriously almost cry every time the preview for #thevow is on RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. o....o......oh my GOD!  IM SO SORRY! ;( IM CRYING NOW! I FEEL SO BAD IM SO SO SORRY!  But....ile DM you...&lt;3 Hate waiting on that call or text that could never happen.... 
#BoutToHaveAHeartAttack !!! I send multiple tweets, but you do not follow me.  Please follow me. ♥73 ahhh, I just dont know what to do iPhone 4S and iPad 2 untethered jailbreak released :) but for OSX first.. Suffering from a bad headache, might take a nap :-( Que romántica cabri  I´ll miss you WHY? Please tell my why god!  Why her?? I really wanted to go cricket! #oomf better get off work early so I can see him ❤ if not I got no plans Wo wanna talk ? Im so bored OHHHH NO!!! I hope you are just tired and it's nothing  Will send my health angels your way tonight :o) Awh I had awseome dreams about the MCR concert :D but now I'm awake Should be more specific BEFORE you send out a tweet stating it HAS to be #15.. You make me feel so dumb you're not on Skype Ne part pas  ( live on screw you, can't watch your twitcam as I'm on my phone but you said you loved my tea » I put elastics on and its pulling my face apart. My teeth hurt, my jaw hurts, and my tongue hurts. soooooooo, its a no go for me I dont see it! yeah me too  tonight is a re-run. still its better than nothing My back is killing me I almost died woman!! And your laughing Just...wat o.o RT  RT  just..   want those fingers three knuckles deep to be FRANK AND HONEST One thing after another today Lol yes but I got bored xD And I wanna come  Invite me next time you do such an awesome thing You're the only one welcome in this state. Others are borderline racist scumbags. Oh wait, too much of my state is. but Fashola is a close friend... not   ( live on I want·· no i need help ·· i think i hate myself and who i am i have 0.23% confidens  i hope i can someThink my dad has the flu :-( Sad Face  So much LA for you this month! you're just upsetting me now. i'm already fed up, stop it. RT   i wish i could celebrate your bday with you  but i hope it's a good one , i know you're gonna go crazy lol I know right && I'm at home 3bored... Everybody hit it on me lmaoooo... Who wanna keep me company???? Its 2 quiet n here... #HomeAlone : (  Okay, I will actually start to use twitter more fml -.- I can't watch #cbb cos i can't go downstairs :o noo had a bad day  . Nothing going right Gettin sick right in time for the weekend -____- that's mean. RT  Today makes 5yrs of my favorite auntie's death  R.I.P auntie...i love n miss that woman sooo much...&lt;3 SHELLY!!!!! Where ya been lmao Me miss you! I'm good, I got a lot of homework to do this weekend the cops are gonna get you for that STOP been watching friends since 8 this morning! #needalife! what's up? :-( Watching #Community forgot to yesterday  #savecommunity #sixseasonsandamovie #ThursdayNightIsCommunityNight If I only get the chance of seeing you everyday I wouldn't even being complaining about it righy now If I can't go to the mac miller concert I will legit cry.  #fml vay amk I miss you too nabeel  :'( xo Creature (lmao) hella beautiful ;) on our wall of speakers.....  I almost cried.....  said "naw hes going down there" wish I was as fab as a certain someone at writing songs yes.. but only in season 1.. he wont appear anymore !! Orange Juice is not just OJ, even if it's natural  What food can I trust?! sharings caring you hoe, no cams tmro im a sick wreck  #leavetheweedtomj #illhaveantibiotics wahhh yessss I am too  byeeeee. hahah awww! I miss her! She probably doesn't even remember me. so tired  #imissbeinghealthy omg i can't play temple run because they have bandaged my hand. no no no no But my oh my how these 11 days are gonna go by so slow  tell him to send me my invite already! When ppl start takin u for granted I hate #headaches RT  Just heard Etta James died 
Raise a glass folks, that was one awesome voice. RIP Etta. x Worried about the cat..he ate an undetermined amount of string Sii re it's not funny !! My hand burns :O really, it was that bad What if ... It never go off my eyes what will happen ?  

BTW its my first time ... Thats why i dont know anything 😔  Mom dukes bout to go out of town, got the crib but nobody to chill wit Siiiiiii nope : ( no ride well he was my ride but yall dont talk so there was no reason for him to come RT  2011 was biggest VC year ever:  But Seattle's investments shrunk 55% James being mad at me &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; I never update anymore :') Y U NO ANSWER ME ON KIK? friends come first, i come last i'm waiting my Mac  very sad) Wtf #eastenders sounds amazing. I havn't watched in like 2 weeks  I must catch-up i want to goto yogurt land steve no be sad Idk whats goin on w/ me I always get bullied over the dinner table for my lack of geographical knowledge  #yourenotalone RT  Thetes a point when you get tired of trying & waiting lls, aighht moe. I wanna come to the game, but all the batches will be there. being ill sucks. Not looking forward to carrying buckets of water to the barn wen I get home I hate typos  - I just posted a message on Wattpad RT  Shoot. I forgot  gummy worms. Lol I knew something was missing yeh he did But if that happened I'd have to chop my penis off and I'd probably die from loss of blood you don't want that do you? oh that tweet it's long time ago and it just says srk performs it doesn't say kat performing with him I just got put in a real ugly mood  its like I'm takin 1 step forward and 2 steps back... *sigh* Uggh wish I had my car not Tryna be stuck in Chester this weekend and not Tryna be on public transportation either I miss my baby  he need to come home. having good posture=major cramps all the time i know. RT   my friends cousin has just been told her 5mnth old baby boy has sma and to prepare for him not to see his first birthday I hate typos omg baby bro is in hospital fine! u? i have to go  talk later? bye sweetie &lt;33 How come u can only do it to me? ahahahahah omg.  Love that song. We had the best times ;). Come back to t dot damn you I feel you leaving home now. Will take me about an hour to get there...  Feel like someone has attacked my ribs in the night i miss talking to you  x RT  I used to look forward to the weekend until all this a-level revision started, now all the days seem the same  #bringonlondon I do!!! But I don't mean it Why can I find no one to smoke with? Homework Shomework Bomwork , im bored why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!   51 As mine, so.. Tomorrow I'll have school so I can't go out on Friday  I think in a few I'm going to bed RT   #TeamIMissYoA$$BringYoA$$Back2CsuItAintTheSameWithoutYou! thing feel different ooohw  please tell me lool isit something I wrote on twitter? I'll read all my tweets if I have to :P ♥ Haha party whilst you still can RT  Insult  peak!! Dis is jst nt right  Hian !!!! RT  *HOLY SMOKES*......the word of ... I knocked i definitely don't feel good لـــعنــبــوهــا أمــريـــكــا فــرقــت حــبــايــب Ansh.hd RT   you scared me with that picture honestly I just realized that, I feel dumb  lmfaooThink my dad has the flu :-( Sad Face  So much LA for you this month! you're just upsetting me now. i'm already fed up, stop it. RT   i wish i could celebrate your bday with you  but i hope it's a good one , i know you're gonna go crazy lol I know right && I'm at home 3bored... Everybody hit it on me lmaoooo... Who wanna keep me company???? Its 2 quiet n here... #HomeAlone : (  Okay, I will actually start to use twitter more fml -.- I can't watch #cbb cos i can't go downstairs :o noo had a bad day  . Nothing going right Gettin sick right in time for the weekend -____- that's mean. RT  Today makes 5yrs of my favorite auntie's death  R.I.P auntie...i love n miss that woman sooo much...&lt;3 SHELLY!!!!! Where ya been lmao Me miss you! I'm good, I got a lot of homework to do this weekend the cops are gonna get you for that STOP been watching friends since 8 this morning! #needalife! what's up? :-( Watching #Community forgot to yesterday  #savecommunity #sixseasonsandamovie #ThursdayNightIsCommunityNight If I only get the chance of seeing you everyday I wouldn't even being complaining about it righy now If I can't go to the mac miller concert I will legit cry.  #fml vay amk I miss you too nabeel  :'( xo Creature (lmao) hella beautiful ;) on our wall of speakers.....  I almost cried.....  said "naw hes going down there" wish I was as fab as a certain someone at writing songs yes.. but only in season 1.. he wont appear anymore !! Orange Juice is not just OJ, even if it's natural  What food can I trust?! sharings caring you hoe, no cams tmro im a sick wreck  #leavetheweedtomj #illhaveantibiotics wahhh yessss I am too  byeeeee. hahah awww! I miss her! She probably doesn't even remember me. so tired  #imissbeinghealthy omg i can't play temple run because they have bandaged my hand. no no no no But my oh my how these 11 days are gonna go by so slow  tell him to send me my invite already! When ppl start takin u for granted I hate #headaches RT  Just heard Etta James died 
Raise a glass folks, that was one awesome voice. RIP Etta. x Worried about the cat..he ate an undetermined amount of string Sii re it's not funny !! My hand burns :O really, it was that bad What if ... It never go off my eyes what will happen ?  

BTW its my first time ... Thats why i dont know anything 😔  Mom dukes bout to go out of town, got the crib but nobody to chill wit Siiiiiii nope : ( no ride well he was my ride but yall dont talk so there was no reason for him to come RT  2011 was biggest VC year ever:  But Seattle's investments shrunk 55% James being mad at me &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; I never update anymore :') Y U NO ANSWER ME ON KIK? friends come first, i come last i'm waiting my Mac  very sad) Wtf #eastenders sounds amazing. I havn't watched in like 2 weeks  I must catch-up i want to goto yogurt land steve no be sad Idk whats goin on w/ me I always get bullied over the dinner table for my lack of geographical knowledge  #yourenotalone RT  Thetes a point when you get tired of trying & waiting lls, aighht moe. I wanna come to the game, but all the batches will be there. being ill sucks. Not looking forward to carrying buckets of water to the barn wen I get home I hate typos  - I just posted a message on Wattpad RT  Shoot. I forgot  gummy worms. Lol I knew something was missing yeh he did But if that happened I'd have to chop my penis off and I'd probably die from loss of blood you don't want that do you? oh that tweet it's long time ago and it just says srk performs it doesn't say kat performing with him I just got put in a real ugly mood  its like I'm takin 1 step forward and 2 steps back... *sigh* Uggh wish I had my car not Tryna be stuck in Chester this weekend and not Tryna be on public transportation either I miss my baby  he need to come home. having good posture=major cramps all the time i know. RT   my friends cousin has just been told her 5mnth old baby boy has sma and to prepare for him not to see his first birthday I hate typos omg baby bro is in hospital fine! u? i have to go  talk later? bye sweetie &lt;33 How come u can only do it to me? ahahahahah omg.  Love that song. We had the best times ;). Come back to t dot damn you I feel you leaving home now. Will take me about an hour to get there...  Feel like someone has attacked my ribs in the night i miss talking to you  x RT  I used to look forward to the weekend until all this a-level revision started, now all the days seem the same  #bringonlondon I do!!! But I don't mean it Why can I find no one to smoke with? Homework Shomework Bomwork , im bored why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!   51 As mine, so.. Tomorrow I'll have school so I can't go out on Friday  I think in a few I'm going to bed RT   #TeamIMissYoA$$BringYoA$$Back2CsuItAintTheSameWithoutYou! thing feel different ooohw  please tell me lool isit something I wrote on twitter? I'll read all my tweets if I have to :P ♥ Haha party whilst you still can RT  Insult  peak!! Dis is jst nt right  Hian !!!! RT  *HOLY SMOKES*......the word of ... I knocked i definitely don't feel good لـــعنــبــوهــا أمــريـــكــا فــرقــت حــبــايــب Ansh.hd RT   you scared me with that picture honestly I just realized that, I feel dumb  lmfaoothankyou ♥ where you been  RT  I like  avi like fr fr good for you!! I unfortunately cannot do it. Btw, I won't be seeing you tonight :-( dieing!! sick again  this is gonna be along nightttt... #FML I can't follow anybody too! on my birthday  so what I shouldn't ask how you are?  &lt;3 let's just say… we'll recover… R.I.P Uncle Jim. pls call me back yeaaa, you better meet us when your up here next! bet your having fun right now!  xx Fine  Ugh.  (CRYING)A so fun! and a little sad i'm not at the party that's a bummer my head is spinning * I am sorry  for what I did...  * :-( RT  Um...wow. Never thought of that. #scumbagdumbledore My mom so cute! She goes "Aw, brandons dog died  " I go yea mom I know, she goes, I told him sorry :/ thank you so much, baby!!! I truly hope you are right but my neck hurts too I Miss My Cat Who wants to speak with me?? I feel #FOREVERALONE I wish ahaha :) I got an offer from the university that I really want to go to but they have put the grades up to get in ha ha ha! I hate u so much  I Just died a little bit =l ♥ Mdr RT  Lmao RT  The way I felt like I cud become a rapper after watchin dis movie yrs ago... Mxm it punkd me Yeah. I was beingf a bitch cause I got my period...  and Andrew was being rude. I AM ONLY ONE IN 16 MILLION FOLLOWERS, IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO YOU NOTICE ME  I`m sad #iloveu! 29 Just want my hair 6 inches longer... IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK ouch. i feel for you. :-( I do! D: I feel like a nobody  Id do anything for her to follow!xxxxxxxx kd a lil baby? let's go!! I took mines out and it closed up on me :-( I hate days when I binge on junk food.  #workouttime starts nowww! OMG! Jealous I've voted but you can only vote once  x those nights when all you want to do is cuddle up next to someone and then you realize you're single Beht why nau  :'(" Wtf RT  Asides bin ugly am sure its stinking in there!!" Smh Im so not gunna be on twitter alot today  #weh Skateboarding juss isn't the same to me anymore When was/is  's twitcam? Have I missed it  ?? I hate being emotional & I really hate cramps. #LifeOfAFemale Would like to go to Mr steers funrel but can't xxx I'm fucking hungry, but I can't eat for a whileee. Just leave him alone for now I guess  I hate when we fight :'( suck going to chipotle w/out me!!!  #notfair (Amari voice) lol I want some callaloo and saltfish....or a veggie roti  #hungrytweet yo i cant even find you on youtube , i always look for you on it and its always given me some next person Muscle Inflammation...the doc put me on bed rest until Monday & I had to get a shot. :-( I hate cleaning my room you promised me! I really don't waNna read she's always been a good looking wee woman. Most worried about her hair and not being able to face people. The way I feel sorry for eminem when I watch #8mile miss you more I'm sorry if I woke you up Went arse over tit today. It wasn't my proudest moment & I'm now sporting a massive bruise on my left knee :-( My knee is severly injured i know!  and west brom at home! :) we always beat west brom!! haha :) cos i wanna do a photoshoot but im always the one who tales the pics buuu My food burnt my tongue So much to do so little time So sad I can't go see These Hearts with Monica & Mariana cuz I'm sick 
Ugh! Just as well Wendy it was awful! do I bother asking what's wrong? Ugh. because I'm scared :-( they really make you feel horrible and less of a woman about yourself tho I can't believe it's almost over either  this is gonna suck!!! And hahahahha Sad to see Proteas lose but what a way to finish by Perera! #SAvSL #savingface are you going that I'll get bored ? so please follow me  always i try to get this and it wasn't hapened  6 RIP Etta James, may your legacy remain throughout the times. You will forever be my favorite singer. My lil brother being taller than me&lt;&lt;&lt; & I'm not short !! I'm mad :-( its my actual birthday the Sunday we can sort something am sure xx oh gawwd! Don't cry lol I want to know what the big baking surprise is but she won't tell me  making me more sad lol RT   realised I've put on more weight  I'm getting fat."&gt;&gt;I still loff you even if he doesn't ;) No Ac Milan vs Ahly thankyou mate! Should be out If you say so. missing you too Fuck. I have heartburn like Crazy  &lt;&lt;&lt;shit hurt&gt;&gt;&gt; Photo: onedirectionprettyplease: why’s bby nialler sad? same! tomorow... scholl  #fuckoff #motherfuck  Jsui partit sur YOUTOUBE (mr pelonde:p) j'ai ecouter  MDR i don't want to but you was with wallace I feel unwanted now yes babe!!! i start on the bar tomorrow though!!! no weekly gossip Oh  maybe try coffee :p fucking cheater please follback me yeah its true, but there's more to it, ill dm you guys lool  I'm sad I dont get to see your face for 2 whole days sing now  its my birthday in 2 weeks so you dont need 100 xx ( live on miss him... REALLY RT  Dear Mother Nature , You Messed Up My Plans For Today Its a rainy day , i have this bed all to myself , and all i need is someone to cuddle with My Mom Was Like I Don't Know If I Wanna Go Out . Ummmmmm poor kobe, he's only worth 80 mil now There's no app for BlackBerry & that makes me sad :'( love you too :)  meany I bit my tongue earlier.. Now its swollen :-( Than why u saying mean shit don't like itpookie said if he didn't have da kids he wud drive : ( so please follow me  always i try to get this and it wasn't hapened  7 RT  I hate being the last to turn 18 out of all my friends  When I turn 18, everyone is turning 19... thankyou ♥ where you been  RT  I like  avi like fr fr good for you!! I unfortunately cannot do it. Btw, I won't be seeing you tonight :-( dieing!! sick again  this is gonna be along nightttt... #FML I can't follow anybody too! on my birthday  so what I shouldn't ask how you are?  &lt;3 let's just say… we'll recover… R.I.P Uncle Jim. pls call me back yeaaa, you better meet us when your up here next! bet your having fun right now!  xx Fine  Ugh.  (CRYING)A so fun! and a little sad i'm not at the party that's a bummer my head is spinning * I am sorry  for what I did...  * :-( RT  Um...wow. Never thought of that. #scumbagdumbledore My mom so cute! She goes "Aw, brandons dog died  " I go yea mom I know, she goes, I told him sorry :/ thank you so much, baby!!! I truly hope you are right but my neck hurts too I Miss My Cat Who wants to speak with me?? I feel #FOREVERALONE I wish ahaha :) I got an offer from the university that I really want to go to but they have put the grades up to get in ha ha ha! I hate u so much  I Just died a little bit =l ♥ Mdr RT  Lmao RT  The way I felt like I cud become a rapper after watchin dis movie yrs ago... Mxm it punkd me Yeah. I was beingf a bitch cause I got my period...  and Andrew was being rude. I AM ONLY ONE IN 16 MILLION FOLLOWERS, IT IS VERY DIFFICULT TO YOU NOTICE ME  I`m sad #iloveu! 29 Just want my hair 6 inches longer... IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK ouch. i feel for you. :-( I do! D: I feel like a nobody  Id do anything for her to follow!xxxxxxxx kd a lil baby? let's go!! I took mines out and it closed up on me :-( I hate days when I binge on junk food.  #workouttime starts nowww! OMG! Jealous I've voted but you can only vote once  x those nights when all you want to do is cuddle up next to someone and then you realize you're single Beht why nau  :'(" Wtf RT  Asides bin ugly am sure its stinking in there!!" Smh Im so not gunna be on twitter alot today  #weh Skateboarding juss isn't the same to me anymore When was/is  's twitcam? Have I missed it  ?? I hate being emotional & I really hate cramps. #LifeOfAFemale Would like to go to Mr steers funrel but can't xxx I'm fucking hungry, but I can't eat for a whileee. Just leave him alone for now I guess  I hate when we fight :'( suck going to chipotle w/out me!!!  #notfair (Amari voice) lol I want some callaloo and saltfish....or a veggie roti  #hungrytweet yo i cant even find you on youtube , i always look for you on it and its always given me some next person Muscle Inflammation...the doc put me on bed rest until Monday & I had to get a shot. :-( I hate cleaning my room you promised me! I really don't waNna read she's always been a good looking wee woman. Most worried about her hair and not being able to face people. The way I feel sorry for eminem when I watch #8mile miss you more I'm sorry if I woke you up Went arse over tit today. It wasn't my proudest moment & I'm now sporting a massive bruise on my left knee :-( My knee is severly injured i know!  and west brom at home! :) we always beat west brom!! haha :) cos i wanna do a photoshoot but im always the one who tales the pics buuu My food burnt my tongue So much to do so little time So sad I can't go see These Hearts with Monica & Mariana cuz I'm sick 
Ugh! Just as well Wendy it was awful! do I bother asking what's wrong? Ugh. because I'm scared :-( they really make you feel horrible and less of a woman about yourself tho I can't believe it's almost over either  this is gonna suck!!! And hahahahha Sad to see Proteas lose but what a way to finish by Perera! #SAvSL #savingface are you going that I'll get bored ? so please follow me  always i try to get this and it wasn't hapened  6 RIP Etta James, may your legacy remain throughout the times. You will forever be my favorite singer. My lil brother being taller than me&lt;&lt;&lt; & I'm not short !! I'm mad :-( its my actual birthday the Sunday we can sort something am sure xx oh gawwd! Don't cry lol I want to know what the big baking surprise is but she won't tell me  making me more sad lol RT   realised I've put on more weight  I'm getting fat."&gt;&gt;I still loff you even if he doesn't ;) No Ac Milan vs Ahly thankyou mate! Should be out If you say so. missing you too Fuck. I have heartburn like Crazy  &lt;&lt;&lt;shit hurt&gt;&gt;&gt; Photo: onedirectionprettyplease: why’s bby nialler sad? same! tomorow... scholl  #fuckoff #motherfuck  Jsui partit sur YOUTOUBE (mr pelonde:p) j'ai ecouter  MDR i don't want to but you was with wallace I feel unwanted now yes babe!!! i start on the bar tomorrow though!!! no weekly gossip Oh  maybe try coffee :p fucking cheater please follback me yeah its true, but there's more to it, ill dm you guys lool  I'm sad I dont get to see your face for 2 whole days sing now  its my birthday in 2 weeks so you dont need 100 xx ( live on miss him... REALLY RT  Dear Mother Nature , You Messed Up My Plans For Today Its a rainy day , i have this bed all to myself , and all i need is someone to cuddle with My Mom Was Like I Don't Know If I Wanna Go Out . Ummmmmm poor kobe, he's only worth 80 mil now There's no app for BlackBerry & that makes me sad :'(I need to see my baby  I miss her!!!! why offline?  ( live on Ouch my jaw is hurting again :-( Scotland Needs Believe Tour. We never got the My World Tour.  please don't let it happen again  xx ew my back just clicked well bad, and it hurt. #ouchies yeah but i'm afraid its true this time  x Its Not I hate it when iChat refuses to work, Skype is often such a good substitute. yeah! I'm fine.. But my car isn't RT   ily nd hope u dnt go Hey! One GLAMBERT unfollowed me :'( I tought we're a Glamly Toothache Well my bby jus left to go to work  , guess ill take a nap. I effin hate animal cruelty, ugjfhgiasf makes me angry that i can't do anything to stop it its taking forever!  x Ugh I want to go to the game :-( .. Mad af you're lying. You're the worst! iwish i had my old relationship w/my mom , were i could tell her everythinq ‹/3 Sigh forgot my wallet at home...only one mcdouble for me Being "bored" is a very normal feeling in every vacation I have  so what's the solution ? 😖 I want 🍣 Horrible feeling seeing someone you love in so much pain  xx my fire alarm goes off for the stupidest reasons .. #myearshurt I feel like I've been found. Time to change my handle again This can't be life though Everyone was so down today Why Me ,On Ah Good Day Feeling shitty follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  77 i'm going to miss your songs RT  Final day with  team  and Calexico I'm sick still  #loveyouu oh I'm sorry niesh don't like it when you cry what can I do to apologise  x Believe tour to the HolyLand .... please   and btw follow me please I LOVE U you are not coming tomorrow ? ah thank you! But it's too dark My car still across the street  I wanted it so bad... I Jus Wnna Cuddle But I Have No1 2 Cuddle Wit :-( I'm sucha loner at lunch... #wah. what's happened? Feel very sad for you i knowww, theres nothing to do anymore she is but she left me earlier so now I'm hurt you seem to forgot about central america  we love you guys please tweet more often sweetheart, I miss your tweets i dont have anyone by my side anymore My girl can't go to the game with me : ( haha this always happens slow dude : 'can I sit by u' me : ( i'm inna good mood ) yeh slow dude : *scoot in & push me up against the window* WTF ?! hey #SexyFace I wanna be #SupaCool!!!!!!! :-( xxx please give me a shoutout you never have before  ( live on RT  My thoughts and prayer are with Kano Accidentally cut my headphones in half. FML  this chick can't find anyone LICENSSSED AND INSUREDDD to take her to the dmv i wish i had a wannd to do my hair with like I miss Mommy! Really wish there was a indoor velodrome near by in stead of going to Newport, Wales all the time!!! Ahh bless you  At least you'll know the answers for further quizzes! :) Always good to look at old matches on youtube :) x Tomorrow is gonna be a hard game for me  #USMNT --💔-- #LaVinotinto True legend RT  Goodbye Etta James  RIP ... Etta James - Nobody Loves You Like Me:  via Siiiiiii :$ tee amooo  ♥ RT  Siento que jearbanny me conoce mucho I want some #ff love Sharks are getting hammered at Newcastle wow sometimes I can be mean without even noticing I guess my Camera doesn't see what my mirror sees in me i get so nervous tho  and good news: one was cancelled :) i think i failed one and did ok on the others tehe RT   I hate being cold.. I dnt see how ppl like the winter.. Eff thisssss. ohh nooz  bad time to skip then, i bet i missed a lot ! lool hopefully ill pass!!! #fingerscrossed I have a spot on the side of my face that won't go. its been there for ages Went back to the store & found my list... had fallen out of my pocket. But no check.  Taking one more turn through the aisles. Pray HARD! MU. Hindi officially.  &lt;/3 Only 8... omg I never saw you over break i dont want it either!  my dad just said its gonna turn into sleet and last til the morning.i hope he's not right #iwantsummer omg nooo i love hev! what about george hey JONAS NEW ALBUM please we need.  The Jonas Brothers Never Gone ! CantWaitForNewJonasAlbum ! Lady, I'm so sorry. I can't ask your question. I had no idea it was being filmed.  I look like an utter tramp. follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  76 lol because I said so! You seated me because I'm short ily nd hope u dnt go I don't think you can it's illegal to keep them as pets bad times Follow mee tooooo  I hope so to but it looks like its gonna be awhile  wensday at earlyest its gonna suck home sick  im feeling a little better thi they bout to lock u up Alex. I'll miss u Only been here for 3 hours but I'm ready for bed aweee...that sucks  hope you feel better!(: “ Nandos done, sunbed done, niche is on the horizon!  jel your baby sitting?” yes  take me with youu Nice? Thats not a word that immediately springs to mind when i think of you Matt ;) Wish I was coming tomo need to get to a game this season. Not had chance yet. WHAT? Why? Very sad I think #oomf mad at me  My rhinestone case is falling apart :-( when you idont wanna talk to someone, my excuse is 'ive ran outta texts' but it dusnt fool anyone anymoree everytime I see poptarts I think about it.. But to be honest.. No.. Sucha a headache Where's summer?? Last day of work !!! Fuck, i think im gonna miss being hereI want many followers :) help me please people  RT "  " I miss this  March can't get here fast enough. #seriously. pretty please say hi to me Nope  I'm in the box doing the lights and sound :P #NowPlaying anything #EttaJames I hate headaches &feeling sick If u are injured/catch sick/fever
that is the most reasonable cause not to come fb for A/mr  day....huummm lol... I feel really lonely for some reason...
Wish I wasn't so shit in relationships, hate when I feel like this. 
Ice cream will have to do... pree upeset I didn't get to see you today  RT    That was Boll thoo!! He should've stood up for you if anybody else wouldn't .. y'all like brother & Sister. Please follow me? I've had an awful day today  ♥‎​‎ Walking around campus amid day 2 of students returning back to #TexasTech , and feeling old RT  OOH new girl is on ... i fancy zooey deschanel so bad so annoying that i cant go to uksg this year, nae exams, olympic venue but about 2 months too old thanks.. and next semester we only have like two classes together okay, i really want to dye my hair freaking light brown now. my battery is dying  i gotta goo from where r u? Was in the best mood this morning but now my friend is in hospital until monday  what is life. I feel bad and idek why :'( I wish secondhand serenade had more songs out I just wish these things didn't have to happen she's going out  just said to meet her out xx neee Jack in the box after drinking wasn't a good idea Aunqe Me Afecteee ! it's cause we ugly  RT  i have no "bait". i suck It takes about a week for Twitter to add everyone back...and you're stuck w/New Twitter on top of it It did hurt a little!  
I didn't say I was gonna throw one.. I want one to go to hahaha nooooo they are killing heather off from eastenders!!!! Don't you hate it when you get pins and kneedles I have a real bad feeling that my mom is going to be really pissed at this parent teacher confrence! RT  I want a new lv bag so much! I broke mine RT   sorry  i deleted it:) I just found X & dip on the blackberry but I have to buy it : ( I wanna !!! what's up? My little nephew has put something on my mac. Was that really necessary? yea  did you have fun yesterday? Ew no Didn't see my big head  after school.  its all good tho I really want to know what that app was the errrrka had today  I forgot what it was called my boobs have gone backwards Its not like the movies...thats how it should be...forever. #ThingsICantStand..... Flu season. they really do, its so hiring without Mr French  xx I shall indeed ;) and noo i wont be out, this is my last weekend here Yah  .ost miss ripley bde RT  R_madhaa sy ndk dpat lguny jasmin [Like it?  ] :P I want Zayn to follow me :) Why have I always seen the top gear episodes when it's on if they film that late all the time and inside the building am not sure I stand a chance! I wish ! aaaah que bad now I know why my dad was so sad yesterday. Our bird ran away. He loved that bird Don’t compare your life to others. You have no idea what their journey is all about. Men folk sier jeg ligner på   #FML Ahhh my limp is getting worse. follow me on TUMBLR ! i have no followers   i'll deffinately follow you back :) we didn't kknow  ( live on you never be nice to me  &lt;/3 o well ill find love one day ! I have hope shoo RT   haha not wishing ,, I know !!!!!!!!!!!!! RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying ah yeah, I'll just have to wait for the update in Cydia itself When I'm sick all I want is my mom well done :-) I've only managed two :-( Missyou my  Loveyou so much (*っ˘з(˘⌣˘*c) (з´⌣`ε) laaaaaame. At least you'll get to enjoy it. RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying i miss wearing my flats I feel so lightheaded i just want to know who this model is  it's life and death situation RT   gave me a hug need it. But where is  I need one of he hugs right now &gt;&gt; aww, wish I was there.. RT   I MISS YOU SO MUCH BOO  xo “ Best bank teller ever! ---&gt;  lmao  shes sad cuz she's working Fuck the only thing I wanted to see tonight was  and  and I missed it  #TVOH you people should leave her now  folarin cydm in a bit“ But Chisom Obiakor sef. Hmmmph.” babeeeeeee u on ur own?  I'm working wish I was ther grub looks lovely lol x  wanna cry every time i hear that song yeah but I make it more intresting anyway ;) and your the one who got me in trouble!! food poisoning RT  my hair just went from straight to a hot ass mess lol .. you're trolling me uhh i get a blank screen when i hit the link. ok  ok fine meany days run to fast i dont remember anything worth remembering happening this week RT  Poor  almost had a heart attack in fourth period. Oxygen ain't on this year:| Great Memories I wanna see  and  in concert. RT Bye bye Dallas! Already missing     and Yah  .ost miss ripley bde RT  R_madhaa sy ndk dpat lguny jasmin "those blog can only be viewed by administrators" how's everything goin letting of the pasta.. I just started workin' out again...  I fell off the wagon for a while “ I miss you  “ The way people are sha”what's this Cc i come home from work to find out Etta James died  RIP no!! i hate him. want cute stefan back FML! My brother is watching Corrie so I can't watch it. Today we lost the biggest female blues icon/legend/goddess, whatever you want to call her, the world has seen! #RIPEttaJames :-( I really don't be tweeting at all I dreamt bout  during my nap .. I miss her :-( 3aaaaa:'( ajrna w ajrichsweet mate .. Just bought skyrim and not liking : ( oh god i cant sleep pole vault comp tomorrow so might have to skip the bundies tonight!!! i was having such a great day till my boyfriend called RT  They cancelled tha game. LOVE YOU ! It's ok I will too  we still have seven months and one day:D I want thick hair :-( screw you thin hair Too bad he s straight to people. and we don't know who that is RT  Me and  faces when  said she might not make it to our game : ( really want to change my main picture in twitter dont know what to change it to though jelly belly I kno wer needa go soon... I wrecked my car tho on new years eve   but ill still hsve a whip Awwww!! Mac Miller is sold out in S'toon I am soo gonna miss 2nd period with  and   love yallll. I'm so bummed you didn't come last night  missed you! This commercial said this make up covers freckles and other imperfections. My freckles are imperfections? Fair enough, HATED that game  You owe us big time for that I HATE EXAMS  #FML Harold, you can be nice with me! Follow me, I'm a poor soul  1 I almost broke my nail today  its hurting I wish I was there to see you  it would be amazing to meet you xx arm hurtss No history classsssssss STILL rrr so bad peace 2 you and his family x I've lit the fire and I'm still cold Hello :D
Go Study! 
Zayn hasnt tweeted back hate when people go in the huff over something so stupid Just touched down In jersey dis shit cold af well what the fuck even are beyond's prices?! £6.30 omg man! mine didn't turn out so nice  I'm currently bald though so can't imagine its much better lol So That Means Mines Is Going To Get Deleted ?  Lol yeah  siigh xx watching Eastwick makes me really miss Charmed RT    Justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 178 I no longer have my iPhone! i miss this moment ... :| #FANCY: Sexy ;)  *rme* #FANCY: :*  Smh #FANCY: :p  Tah! Trevor finna leave us all day :-( I do  &lt;3 I didn't find it I had to buy a new one!  aaw erin Bad pass by Neustädter... Arango would have had all the time in the world.  but we can see, Bayern are living very dangerously. Just bit all my nails so short  #badhabbit I wissh I could play temple run!!! But I dont have an iphone heey gorgeous! You havent been on for like a day :-( love youuuuu♥♥ in P.e  I might runn ! OMG , I know well that's no good!  shame.. Water it is for you then lol! lmaooo....you basically placed me in a nursing home and left me there.....no christmas cards or nothing :-( not to sound like an idiot, whats an 8/8 guild?   Rift was my first MMO, then WoW, EQ2, now SWTOR... that sucks. RT   Aww thanks yeah true. It was OK, weren't impressed with the rain though   How was yours? Big game this weekend!! tell me pleaseeeeeee No light til midnight is wishing she could turn the clock back at least 3 years to erase mistakes and would love to turn it back 7 years to make good a wrong :-( but those words came from the "sponsor" I wouldnt just make information up.  It doesn't make us Scentsy consultants look good! I shattered my ipod screen even more weh :-( Trying to be more creative twitter handle, not coming up with anything that's available Had to give up on today's walk. Only got 4.5 km in 52 minutes. I kno that sucks!!!  RT  no classes  with Can someone please help me in science  ? Wish someone would come bring me some food at work WTF!! Now theres really NOTHING to do when you just want a chill night So upset that there isn't a Dunkin Donuts in Ames...no one here knows how to make a GOOD caramel latte  (I've searched) OMG!! #SooLucky she came to paris on march last year but i couldnt come  im not allowed to watch every concert Taco bell x3, Popeyes, Rustics and Mcdicks for lunch this entire week. HOLAY. My girls & I are unhealthy lol :-( there's ncis???? i thought there was no ncis this week Your 1D army are RTing me You are indeed useless  but well suited as a bad example. :) That's not good  And it means you won't be up for drunken tweeting late tomorrow night omg its friday and im not out  poor me!! haha I'm sick I had to call off  I hope they took good care of you. Waiting for #Hustle to come on  wish you was here its boring without you in this shit house  oh yes he would be, I miss that class  #thatsmygirl ! Watching harry hills tv burp feel like throwing up No practice today :-( ..... Damn rain! Football got me all tired and shit, and I gotta work today #ImSad you okay?  I saw you pulling your car out of the ditch. not fair, you only answer your american celebrity friends. ko da o! RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying It's 21 degrees (yes Fahrenheit) and snow is coming this evening. :-( HAHAH XD thanks but it's not making feel bettter.. Dad is not going 8:40 already?  #slowdowntime imagine hw cows suffer getting constantly milked, :-( its jst like gettin constantly turned on n no sex. smh Everything is so shitty right now  I miss you, too. Love you &lt;3 mr williams. Hrm... Ipod died Doctorrr ... #Blah i miss    and  already ... And it's only been two hours  ugh why do i have to be sick this weekend RT  Ouch RT  Just An Hour Ago,I Witnessed Two Guys On A Bike Snatch This Young Girls Handbag so please follow me  always i try to get this and it wasn't hapened  10 Love Becky and Kylie together!!! Wish Becky wasn't leaving  #Corrie yup...I'm closing again It's one of those days!?! :-( Grrrr!?! I always end up pushing myself too hard then get mad at the results not coming out right!?! :-( just fuck off.  you need to find yourself & then come back to me! Xxx Piss off  got a headace ugghhh!! why me Swear I feel bad && I got to work @ 5 ainda Off  ( live onbut that food is horrible :-( and oh welllllllll Harold, you can be nice with me! Follow me, I'm a poor soul  10 He just annoys me I'm sad! The mix is over  Well, it's time to go to get this day started! yeah  it sucks, but I can't take risks anymore. It's my dream to go to Oxford and I have to make sacrifices for it :/ xxx #justafeeling. I eat sometyms not b'cos i enjoy the meal. But cos i ve to. I swear life is too fckin short, I love you big momma rip Everytime I watch Boyz N The Hood there's always this little part of me that hopes Ricky gets away Sooo jealous of  &  heading to  without me  have a great night ladies mwaaa xxx on the way to the hospital. Head bangin rt about now.........smh I wnna see my bestie kess No! I wish. It's a dream and a goal of mine. Was hoping to run this year but didn't get in Awake an craving for some dimsum mommy made oh men.. Wait untill morning plis.. I can't hold this ulcer, seriously I miss you too baby RT  so annoying that i cant go to uksg this year, nae exams, olympic venue but about 2 months too old still at work u look miles away, I wanna be at that side of the table I know Not excited for this history exam. Good game tonight..wish I could go ..and also watch him play  . shuckss . I wish I was in Florida with the drama club.  I shouldve went. Lool aiit .. Happy nu year tho  RT   do it for our ppl! :) Ill be 24 in exactly 3 months  :) My bed hard as a rock Nothing like a roaring fire.Long time ago had siamese who was so close to fire oncd she smouldered ! Didnt learn The rate at which I'm pooping these painkillers, this just might be my last headache... in bed doing my spanish because its too cold :-( God knows I miss Enough!   #worndown :-( This day just took a turn for the worst. #disappointed haha can't do this friday tho hun :-( xx uitlachen ? both good, wet after our walk tho ! had a couple of days laid up but spasm easing again so up and about :) tough luck 4 Wolvo doesn't call/text me anymore  :/  .....
What kind of a sister is that -__- ... Best to do, I have a exam toooo But it's not working for meh  :P :P RT  ' why must I cry over the most dumbest & simplest shit Tweeting from south lake tahoe!!!! but theirs no snow  #fail OMG. EW. EW.  SHCARY SHUCKLING PIG  xx Harold, you can be nice with me! Follow me, I'm a poor soul  9 Kevin se foi yesss love!! I'm so sad. She better sew that shit No no, you misread. Because I have a bb, I dont get Fruit Ninja.. I get Fruits AND Ninja.. An awful, awful copy I really miss Sarah! I wish she didn't leave. I wonder how she's been. um damn a bitch just forgot about me "  whyy?!?" All she did was break and it was super expensive and my warranty was up   parents choice. VOTE FOR OUR VIDEO ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE PAGE. WE'RE IN 5TH PLACE oh... :-( Barney needs his doing too. lol omg i actually shit my pants this guy does tweet stuff to read its more explanations and devices to use , hubby not interested though  x RT  It sucks not being able to hangout with your bestfriend for something that wasn't your fault.  #SadTweet I'm crying. No Cory, just no. I want Jo Taylor back! alllllll I wanted was a bacon croissant & hash brown nuggets from Carls jr  but they stopped serving breakfast at 1030 &lt;|3 -____- #fml Not farts - heartburn My head hurts my tl is dead : ( It's cold in here and my nipples hurt I never get any #FF's ima loser you should've  lol I don't think I'm cool enough to follow Mes followers bougent pas  Ughhhh worried RT   Gahhh I know,i miss you too RT  Carly lacht me uit Okay  RT  I gotta unfollow her :-( FREDOOOOOOOO notice me  i love you so much  a girl once had a cat on her lunchbox, and my panic attack lasted 4 days, I even had to go hospital  #ishityounot !! you didnt text me bck this morning que va tia...   per cert com et va anar ecoLomia ? I just love having migraines almost every day The epicness of the final episode of Chuck is set...Sarah used the defective Intersect...get ready for #ChuckvsSarah It's gonna be sad I prob should have asked her Left my extra strength painkillers in the car. Ffs Still feeling like shit. Maybe chicken noodle soup for dinner would be best I wanna win this dam it  alarms set each hour n all dat !!! Ughhhhh My pudd dont feel good , I hate when hes sick Bruno Mars meu lindo preciso ir no seu show! TMLA 😁 w  
 where are youuuu me too and the same for next weekend Ohhhhhh. I didn't see I was asleep  I thought you were going a later blink otherwise I would have had immortals Harold, you can be nice with me! Follow me, I'm a poor soul  8 :-( give us a clue?!?! Who scored the 2nd Glos try? I missed it!  #rugbyunited now your spilling drinks too, are you trying yo mock me I doooooooooo but I don't have a car hull tomorrow! mehhh, nothing to do there at all mannnn awww get better soon Ash!! I don't like hearing my fave outlaw is sick  xx so bad  I'm trying to loose weight not gain it! ya but now its been banned bc of it I'm such a boring guy,  friday night and I'm forcing myself to sleep... Well I like to see it as, "in training to be a family man" &lt;_&lt; I've had a 40% explain rate. God help us I miss u just a little lol I won't be seeing u still though Sorry :-( RT  u been ignoring mine fa the past 3 days ? lol... a gift is no prob... but communication is da key queen I'm not tanned enough &quot;I berried myself in garbage because I felt like I've been discarded in my life.&quot; - hoarders  awee I feel bad for those poeple.hey :D so was I :) miss you already  xxxxxxxxxx why don't you ever follow , tweet or RT meee nialler?!?!   55 I want one  but that means shelling out 1500 bucks! So broke right now!!  soooo my bday is coming up soon... ;) hint hint omg, just filled in a job application form and realized I'm missing new girl! :-( channel 4+1 it is then I havent had a Meal in weeks :-( aw, listening to At Last right now Thanks hun...& yes I am Not the day/weekend I had planned When there's 1 person you need to talk to right at this moment in time and you have no way of possible communication I gotta go to work! Waaah No matter what when my crush walks by me my hurt like drops. I am afraid of you thats embarrassing dont tell ppl that fuck youuuu laiiiiiish shoo feeech FACK...there's a  show tonight. Wish I could go. yeah  I just had to do it ahahha follow me: colourmepurplexo Has a huge headache She Better Not Cheat On Him Megavideo has been shut down Anyone know anything that will help me get better quickly? It feels like I'm getting/got the flu that's going round Well jel of people at Asking A tonight gah :-( Except for Simon, obvs. We should've gone & killed him :3 &lt;3 ok well just pick another day OI that was my suggestion  :P tell me about it!! But poor little guy is sick I still haven't got an outfit :-( x The systems would be down at fido today .. hurry up and get me my phoneeeeee That 151 bottle is way too big RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying Seriously scared of puppets, even pictures of puppets. It's not even funny  #pupaphobia #10ThingsAboutMe my mum died when I was 10. She was my best friend. The last words I said were 'I Hate You'. Tears me apart everyday itchy and I have a rash.  not cute! I'm still going no matter how dark it is. yesterday was 5 yrs and I wasn't able to get off in time Took the nicest nap now going to get ready for work yippie :) sacrafice i need to make i need money we miss you RT  Not enough RTs  Get this tweet to 200 RTs & u will see us post vids of us in g/g, b/g & solo #xxx amateur #porn action we did! The two valentine balloons I saw at party city, omg I want them I miss my little bro :) " Lool sowie RT  I'm bored  can't find my frnds in my hood" Yeay! Manège finished, the downside is no playing on it for a month, worse still no jumping for at least 2... Waaaah :-( Wanting a tweet of  and I get a message instead foooome ELK iswear ilove him LIKE carzzzyyyyy he is OWN my mind an icnt wait 2 SEE him 07027011 So iv lost my voice i know, i love him Yah  .ost miss ripley bde RT  R_madhaa sy ndk dpat lguny jasmin RT  The roads better not be bad tonight I want bdubs : ( meeeerrr “  lol I wonder why??? Jp” this is a late response but that was mean I miss you my love  Where's my Demi? I'm sad with you =/ Dentist sadly  lol Unless the BBC wants to hire Dental Nurses who are likely to fangirl randomly! bet its still longer than mine  RT  waaaaaaahhh my hair is so shortttt (( I miss this face look's like your the only one . . .  SAD FACE Whew! I will miss you more than you know! I have angle to protect me & guide me .... 1/11/12 I haven't seen  in forever What happened with the new new Twitter? When will I see it : ( #NW The Interpreter .. i think this gonna make me sad what happened I've been in pain all day  my life is muy terrible. im still at work, will finish at 10pm then long day again tom. lmaoo ,  buh I gots hw  come'n here! Aww not good to hear you aren't feeling the best. Lovinggg Santigold's new song!! I'm mad she won't be here with the Chili Peppers until October 4th  It was supposed to be February 4th! My diets gone down the toilet and now all I want is some chocolate. But the cupboards are bare tá chateada comigo? o twitter deu unfollow em você e você em mim Stop showing me adverts of Australia!  I wanna go so bad. RT  I am soo gonna miss 2nd period with  and   love yallll. Put some ice on it RT  I bit my tongue earlier.. Now its swollen :-( I can come get you in the shit mobile lol RT   I doooooooooo but I don't have a car poor layan  she's so sleepy but she can't sleep because of this freakin' cough  she's so sick just completely & utterly ignore this tweet hun got muddled up : ( #thingsIcantstand getting up soo early that it's still dark RT  i need a walk in closet “  tickle me” no, pillow fight first I'm gonna die during a cough attack because of  ! Mean ass paper cut.. Yh? RT  My WHOLE life, I've NEVER gotten a valentine present : (  RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. omgz we're twinzzz. i know  I'm sorry. man, I wanted to talk to daphne though and make a new friend. /: she was interesting. Lol. Your such a dork. Me too though:I RT  Up makes me cry :-( RT  Lmao. Riiiight RT  #Yenny was suppose to teach me how to massage... So I can massage my boo... i seriously have so much to do this weekend...i'm gonna be so stressed u was just horrible to me saying I aint worth it :-( awwww noo  RT  Madd plans got ruined -.- My poor daddy lost his best friend  bye bye jinxy! We love youu MONDAY!? OH MY GOD! I DON'T KNOW WHAT I AM GOING TO DO WITHOUT YOU Better education...idk yet  RT   where u transfering to??? U leavn us  RT  Frankies sounds delightful I just want a puppy  these ASPCA commercials make me so sad. I need to take lots of pictures tonight, it's my senior year and I barely have any tried that. It's my remote that's broken  paid $40 for the dealership to tell me that today #ridiculous Missed Eastenders we can't hear you  (live atWish I Was Going To Akron With My Mom To See My Sister I been bad. Way too much inappropriate widdling. Mom not pleased with me  #wlf Throw away. RT  X____X RT   “ Smash or pass i cant show development anymore either  screwed that up. mondays going to be a shiiiit day Bacary!!! We need you back for the united game! pekıı Walking home in freezing cold rain  bath big brother and bed time.. so tired! sameee  english and digital environment together :D yay Headache awh man " My WHOLE life, I've NEVER gotten a valentine present : (" to complicated for me  RT  iPhone batteries are the worst lol don't front y'all love me! Its raining n shit #Bummer :-(  RT  #ThingsICantStand: my love for food hey Peter RT back not had tweet from you yet :-( I don't like to see my mom cry or upset :-( I don't live in Irvine son! I'll make it down if I have time, but I still feel like ass. i fucked up mannn Rain?? Noooo  now all the pretty snow is Gunna get yucky I haven't, Joe!  Will let you know anytime (including in future) I do. Thnx for asking! #SakaiOutage oh god. that's awful. your dog was awesome I wish I had natural curly hair late reply My babies left their toys Lenas taking so long I just wannt to see her &Asia like now i don't remember  sowwy  mine keeps doing that too!! Ahhh Mannnn I miss my bestfriend Room 101 -  just stick with one guest and give them more time rather than three and keep them mostly quiet. It didn't need to change RT  " #ThingsICantStand WHEN MY NEXT DOOR NEIGHBOUR TURNS OFF THEIR INTERNET. GREEDY BASTARDS." *smh* &lt; And I still haven't eaten anything! I want u with me Am i not suppose to feel some type even when yur heart not in it notice me please   i love you RT  I miss my babyy!! RT  Reallly don't want to go outside in the cold  #divaproblems #canadaproblems RT  should really do a bit of revision but i seriously cant be fucked  #failingeverything I miss ArShawn lil ugly ass Today was the last day I'm ever going to be in art class with Chez .  #gonnamissit Unfortunately yes!  How does university life go? :) RT  i need a walk in closet if Oomf do think he the 1, #ibet this be her #lastTime putting ah nigga before me :-)  :-( Don't know any black ppl that like mustard.  I love it! RT   the second I get home from school I run to my phone to tweet u.. If I brought my phone to skool I wud be kicked out.. Might have a hairline fracture in my wrost  welll comp. tomorrow anyways! Excited ;) #snowbiotch I hate wen I see a punch buggy but have no one to punch i can't stand it anymore Today is NOT MY DAY i can't find my darn earphones  I always lose em Ah neeee paul s 3e # my hairs ruined, womp Its just so frustrating I will never ever get a tweet from  ...I always tweet hr like 100 times when she's on ... Im Chilling Today but I DONT wanna stay Home Tomorrow you might not be able to. We're heavy. that's terrible  I feel bad for you! When I lost ma phone I was devestated :o was it in school yeah? I wish I could go get my nails done today  #workinglikeaslavea ALL weekend. Don't even feel like she my cousin any more. Niggas kicked off the team and don't have friends to depend on maybe she needs a new friend maybe this was for the best omg LUUUCCKKYY !!:D I want too  give me some yo hoe :p Nothing like having a popsi that has to club on fridays... A friend of mine once ran into his popsi at a club worrrrd, now i dont feel alone :)  but you still get service! *HUG* I feel so pathetic...ugh only one in fucking B lunch now #crying #thanksnichole Ohh my god. I have offically become a tramp. I wearing leggings out! Wayyyyyy to much brownieee  but soo worth it :D tehehe  Snow snow snow... don't like the flight cancellations “  wish I could go  had plans already but thanks for the invite. Get crazzzzy” hahah I will I got 9 more #FFs last week..  :D ♥ It's just not the same, though. RT  God knows I miss ill inbox you on facebook  Tiara is making me feel like shit  keep saying i dont even know him, ctfu. Yay work : ( That is totally fucking morally bankrupt. How awful. I feel for the women who were duped into relationships with those men I do too  I've got nowt in to eat!! haha ;) x I was excited...then i realized i have to wait 2 weeks instead of a week! Grrr  #TVD Gotta go out in this snow to pick up my lil sis from school :-( My Stomach's the victim here thanks that would be great! But I can't help feel you're being sarcastic :-( and that will be the end of you ;) :P & he's a beautiful man! :P & not too great tbh baby  how are you!? ♥ lol it did involve choc and wine ooops :-( xxx What happened honey? Getting ready to go shop for warm clothes... Not ready for wisconsins 5degree weather I know - it's just not right is it? Call me cynical but it seems like a money making scheme to me :-( makes me quite cross! I'd love to meet up although  I'm tight (diary wise) :-( are you on Skype? If you are DM me your details x It's days like this that I miss you the most  #wishicouldseeyou I'd rather watch my beautiful niece then go to work  #bkproblems We got needles today at school  oww! My arm My hands smell like gas "After 5 years of what u thot was a perfect relationship,he impregnates your best friend and hez going to marry her tomorrow" i have such exciting friday nights sitting alone watching anime  #wherecanibuyasociallife? RT  I really wish that there was a Nicki Minaj sextapeSo scared of cats just realized your not following me  #hurtful That deep : ( " " My WHOLE life, I've NEVER gotten a valentine present : (" " I wanna BEC sooo bad it'll be ok mills I so sad Talk about our future like we had a clue #upsettweet. Dear MBC, for a minute there i thought u made the right choice and were finally going to pull the plug. then the picture went clear again As much as I love my bf, I miss that one boy sfm :/ just wanna kiss him againn  .. Ily bbe dan word mn video copyrighted i miss it you mia on us tried it. Nor is videobb videozer etc. Its not just me loads of people have commented saying they're not working I hope a guy like  would pop into my life I'm here. You know what? My insanity misses you badly... Needs a cuddle  poorly bob 😷 Wondered where her friends were today? dear god, very retro...what about nicki minaj?  Big sean? LIL WAYNE? where's your inner ghetto? no me va el chat de Facebook Offically no longer black!! Hey #Chicago, we told you the PM rush would be a mess. Why didn't you listen?  :-( Yes I miss you too, but I used to hide behind my mum and she used to tell me to stop being such a wimp  #horriblebitch An ok day at college but hat it when your so called freind grasses you up  but after college had a good time with my mate Stacey I hope the snow storm doesn't come. We won't be able to have our fun night I would have cut off a piece with a knife / But it was finished off by my wife. :-( awww  RT  Rest in peace Etta James. Your voice will live on through song. man i aint bn in the chi since thanksgivin  i need tah cm lol the people that I played for haven't read that far in the bible My baby Gus is lame My stomach is mad at me really? How disappointing... yeah, sedih oh  okayy. Goodnight Tiaa! :D come back...i only just got here Kd  no msn? How is it whenever I get rid of something I never use, I normally want to use it the very next week. i never got my grape juice or snickers w/almonds I can't even get past a million shazzzzzz  its been ages , hw u been ?x Omg my throat  i've been in bed all day. this sucks. okay  I'll have a drink for u why can't I be zooey deschanel?  #cry “ Still pretending that no news is good news. RE: CfP notices. #tek12 #dpc12” Me too useless I just wanna cuddle ha why did every story start with that dog u were so jealous. Awwwwhh RIP  I wish I was as cool as my sister  she's just amazing Why don't guys have to have periods     :-( I'm always in my feelings wtf ! Lol no work Just saw the Diggnation Finale, sad its all over  Kina Grannis was great! RT  Gotta go out in this snow to pick up my lil sis from school :-( Roll on tomorrow's antics, defo the most boring friday night in ages awwwwww  I hope she'll be okay I'mma pray for her&lt;3 No mains today lol good luck with that celebs hardly reply I'm really not following what ya on about I always think that the demon came to my house with his monters for scary and kill me  ! Eu Acho que vou fik rouca  Ninguém merece come see me this week! I'm having Laura withdrawals “ Sweating in really odd places . This phcn people ehn .” My prayers go out to him  RT “ Please pray for our beloved friend  from #Yemen who got into a serious accident today!” Hey sweetie! U don't miss me? #oomf was posed to text me I miss you  Listened to Dizzee Rascal today while I was washing my clothes, 'OIIII' I made a 'bet'  with myself when I left home this AM!!!   Needless to say I won dreading work : ( Eh eh eh hw was yo day? RT  :) " Lool sowie RT  I'm bored  can't find my frnds in my hood" Jogging Pants && TShirt On This Friday !!!!!!!!! !!!! RT  I have nothing to do tonight  someone hmuuuu.  I miss the blueberry cheese cake Starbucks used to sell They need me down here... mums on the phone to the hospital......not sounding good I just want to stay home and look at arts & crafts tutorials. nooooo! Etta James - It's a Man's Man's World:  via 

R.I.P.   &lt;3 in such a shit mood, #depressed  oh yeah, driving school too. lmao. Goodbye industrial  #myearfeelsnaked i Need More Follower : ( I'm tired as FUCK!  I can't wait to get off work!! RT   omgz we're twinzzz. i know if I wasn't so far away I'd so go.. Is it sad that I got excited when I seen this add? Bath spa please acknowledge me I know I just never went to class last year so I failed Lmao hahaRT  Lmao Tanya's phone is so rude  Siri doesn't like me I gotta stop eattin til I feel like I'm gon die . Not good . I'm a food addict n I'm not proud..why me no one can Junsu-oppa be strong #oomf and there tweets got me in my feelings now Waaahh my car actually broke down on me  #sadday I'm sorry if I bother u So wish I could go to BLVD next week that shit is death RT  That 151 bottle is way too big Gave in and got a cut! All bad!!thats harsh BUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!! #anoquemalaonda xDD 404 not found well Sharon is now in Australia  i really miss her! But my sister is still in Ireland haha becky and kylie make me laugh! dont want becky to go out of it  #corrie my phone is upstairssssssssssssss chat me ! seriously? I never heard about that  #imsorry are you in the city tomorrow or anything honey? xxxxxx is it true that  supports SOPA?! RT  Woke up feeling like shit Hate that feeling of knowing you were right! Girls instincts are never wrong.. Aint felt like this for ages  #brokenlovebrokenpromises RT  The belly of hell. RT  Detroit, Michigan. RT  Nah I'm gone im so sorry to hear that  hope your all okay and I'm always here xo def, that reminded me of salems lot at moments, nae David soul though Darn!  Sneezing fit JUST after I'd put my eye make up on for the day   So not fair! Nope  RT  “ Lex tonight!”--  comin with u? Awwl Poor Baby ! : ( Yu Want Some Medicine ?? Although I nearly died, and I still went tomato coloured When I get anxious I feel like cutting my hair! okay I give in how do you do the smileys  haha RT  I miss  already My Boyfriend Gotta Work Today RT  Nearly faced planted through Megan's window earlier RT  RT  Dentist I want sleep  now. i have no idea I miss playing soccer nope I'm still out mate they singling me out  x Lesson in frustration = Trying to listen to  without any chat logs. Someone help meeeee. I've been doing my homework too and now my hand hurts! Np, dont know why its doing that. Stupid twitter GZ, you just filmed boring "plastics"  ( Headache Mandadines :)
#asolearme #toolong Is in bed at 8:30!!!  damn 3am starts No FNS tonight I'm afraid التويتر ما يسوى بدون تويتاتك الطيبة .. Welcome back :-( that dirty bird was awesome I do! But it will take awhile.. Im in Utah nope, sold out Sitting in class with absolutely nothing to do. Screw  for leaving me it wasn't bad, just long  whats up with you? Just had a shower ... Now i feel fresh :) but i still feel like shit RT My WHOLE life, I've NEVER gotten a valentine present : ( still cant get      following me   #HardJob but t tweeted me RT  I need a natural hair guru... :-(  nope feck all! Shes not budging, gotta go back tomoro see if they can break ma waters! 2 weeks ova on mon so it'll b a section :-( "  3 second rule"  it was to late RT  i miss you I want many followers :) help me please people  RT "  " RT    I know, they were my favourite couple! hope they get back together,but hugos leaving end of series 3  x RT  I want chickfila RT   stop fighting my loves♥ “ I miss playin pattycake wit  ” lmao me too Let me guess, media, law and ethics paper? RT  If you know my number please wake me up at 4:00 am. “ I cant trust nobody so there is no way I can truley love you when I DONT TRUST YOU *shrugs*”you can trust me ps es ke en msn no te vi ni en whatsapp Omg This House Is So Cold , But Toooo Big To Heat : ( My dad just ate my subway I sure am, alarm is set for half 3 for my 4:30am start  #depressing Jacques Hurt My Feelings..  not friends anymore fingers crossed for today, hopefully get better from now with u going back Hating on George for giving me a cold really hungry Huh. Go figure. Watched the "winner", and I don't get it either. That's kinda why I don't like contests like that  not fair Goodnight Directioner i hope one of the 1D Boys will follow me one day  &lt;3 i hate stand up tanning beds , no nap for me but you've met me Karen! You know I'm nice! :) Shame you can't make it my stomach is growling but I don't want to eat. I sorry  don't mean to ! yeah i am babe, just need something else as i cant get any overtime anymore  i need dollar! RT  When The Dude You Got Mad Feelins For Likes Yo Bestfriend &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  &lt;/3 Hmmm...RT   if i could, trust me i would no question. I would show u such a good time.. :-( Guess I'm not ready Everything is irritated ill be in indy until sunday, so can we all catch up next week? I left my chocolate milk in your car  #heartbroken Want to be in my cosy wee house with ma bhoy  ❤ xxxx #youknowmetoowell I'm so sad to cancel my cam shows today and tomorrow, but I've got strep throat something fierce.  i guess my qs was answered tan hiperactivito I am but I never make it  it's cause I'm Canadian eh? Conditioninqqq I want the AP magazine am good too,studying a lot Ok, I didn't realise it was on on eviction night though! I wanna be in highschool again Napped for 5 minutes and the phone rang  ugh whyy ugh I'm sorry  honestly the most annoying trait in a person is not being able to admit they're wrong. Can't stand it. GEJ sud jst resign, ds is jst too much.it luks so horrible,♏Ɣ condolence goes 2 d families of d deceased. I need you too! lol  RT “  They need me down here... ” hehee! You'll get there I just seem to get to 400 od k and then loose it RT  I miss my baby soo much Nunca contestas mis tweets Ya no abre mi whatsapp CO-Ask!! RT  No but where on earth is  ?I know I miss you too  pacific fusion date soon?! Ugh the number of streams available for this match has dropped by more than half since it started. Boo RT  Tomatoes cant potato -  - Life is full of surprises!!!  they're both round. i wanna go to Indya's tomorrow but i need to babysit to get money Back at work :-( no  but I really want to go! Have you? LMMMFFAAOOOOO I know  I'm sucha fk upp Never go a day w/o telling your loved ones what they mean to you! R.I.P Nana! me too. i hate having to start over. i had so many good ones, from when i was a baby poet  it's sad I called  she aint even answer! Ik: THIS IS THE VOICE OF HOLLAND Mama: Stop! Ik: okee.  #LOL Come to La Jolla RT   Oh so I guess if  and I come out for it we wont be able to meet u RT  I'm gonna die during a cough attack because of  ! I reeeally hope it works out for me to go to Hawaii this summer. I miss Elizabeth  #praying  i know haha omg did u hear wht Ms. Mac said? that whole shit on the news? crazy lollll Back hurts lmao,  i'm going to do so bad. geometry &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; loool I feel like a whale and I still got till april   time is going slowww, how r u? Co-tweet..only loved him after I watched it some years back RT  The way I feel sorry for eminem when I watch #8mile i do  lol RT    Needa Happy Birthday From Youu Buddy Mister  :O ! And you tell me this now???? Why won't you be there ? Omg I actually love   FOLLOW BACKKKKKKK! Wendy is the bad one "  Msnife Lmao. Nife is the one with problems " I just don't understand this tweet  #ifeeldumb ; oh no wassuuuuup!? I'm cheaing on  :-( W/ Nate Parker :-) she turnt me down like three times maybe even four ha9a I miss you I miss sherry not tonight nope  haha, are you working r ya? X foreseeable future= better not be forever Ahhhh Kisstory is the best! My sister goes to kisstory nights at o2 indigo, wish I was 18 so I could go  xx “ Who's Dr Dre?” loooooooooooooool ur welcome. wat r u doin rite now cuz i am at school. 
FFFUUUUCCCKKKK sad face « I so hate seeing my son sick! » which one of my boo's don't feel good? :-( hate how much I love you child i wish i was kummn hmee.... Out of bloody milk again this is getting anmoyin oh well if i want a brew bwst get me backside to tesco but its freezin n rainin :-( Hate waiting still doing this essay i actually am missin' you and tash  its weird bro, i'll ring you both tomorrow night ;) #bignightforu send ma love to my sis I want many followers :) help me please people  RT "  " got some bad news.. i won't be seeing him today That is honestly the first tweet I saw  lmao Buh! Double shame!! **walks away head down***RT  save it *bbm tlk to the hand* RT   merrrrrrrr Stalled 5 times reversing out my driveway  why do I have to live on Everest!!! LOL “ No boo :-( RT  Lmaoooo u kno u do lol “ #Yenny was (cont) it's so not fair! I want a social life back  xxx Just did the cinnamon challenge I'm sad Etta James is gone  I love her voice. soo jazzy and beautiful nothin....its this rainy ass weather Actually pissing myself laughing a #Corrie hahah. I'll so cry on Monday when Becky leaves! I made a narrow escape,we thank God Need cheered up but twitter dead RT  This is not my TL i'm so white Too sick to go out tonight but ive had a drink Noooo Marshall e Lily vanno via... :-( (watching How I Met Your Mother, 46 Minutes S07E14) watching new girl... is soooooo pretty, it's not fair  #dayum omgggggggg tuesday HTSIB is  on broadwayy i wish i could see nick on broad wayy  now im sad haha! I know you mean that in the best way possible and not mocking me at all! wow I hate when that happpens. I feeel so lonely . Everynight I listen to  's heartbreak and I get to think about ma ex boify  :) RT  OMG i dont want Becky to leave coronation street.. shes the reason i watch it  #Corrie i don't like chae's RT, i love ke$ha damn Me too! Might go later RT " I want to go home  " I even took out my beatup old moshing shoes JUST for tonight Not looking good  . 25-18  3 min to go RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying lol that's what I thought! It's ibs but pills ain't working :/ I've turned into such a moaning arse lately Traffic   memorizing lyrics to bounce that dick #thisblows that wasn't very nice Jealous of all my famz out in sundance Aaaaah  RT  We lost RT masb_quik: Cricket update anyone? ? ? RT  “ I want to go back home :'(” come back I need 2 throw up : ( you're back in hospital? is glad today is almost over, its not been a good one. :-( Trying so hard to stay positive LMFAO ugh speaking of beef i gotta work todayyy boooooo Chilllllllllll we are still that close. You don't call me aaaw -.- i hate that. you are awesome and i wanna meet you.  now I'm sad RT  I just want a boyfriend to buy me this on Valentines day  #singlegirlprobs sammmm i need to see you more Too bad my  theme isn't loading any #CSS  #wordpress she makes clothes for people with no boobs ? The right adjective is FRIED. My hair looks fried. Thank you Cadum  #twittoma My boyfriend just left que chato WE in Canada are very upset eh! WE don't get  up here. That means no JKB next week  #GettingAGreenCard watching my binondo girl..gonna miss papa chen RT   aaaaaaaaaiq lindo seu theme mano No stargazing tonight. Cloudy, raining, not a star in sight  sorry Jedburgh. Here's a nice pic as consolation my eyebrows aren't dark or thick enoughhahaha I burnt it a little  you working tonight? My head feels like it's going to EXPLODE! Need a break from revision.. Going to go on Skyrim it says coming soon  how longs soon!? pleeeaaaasseeee “ Game Day!  Olympic qualifier: US vs Dominican Republic - here we go. #uswnt #onegameatatime” bummed it's not on tv son it's too good  .. YES I DID you don't remember Don't miss it. RT  Hey #Chicago, we told you the PM rush would be a mess. Why didn't you listen?  :-( Please take me back to the tour hehe i know yeah. lol yeah well we've had too much this week! did my presentation and she asked me like 20 questions! Tengo Danieliiitis   Enserio Lo extraño ....  Qiero Verlo !
When You're Gone The Pieces Of My Heart Are Missing You ! Wanna go canoeing with ___________ :-( #OldCelebritiesThatAreNextToGo is the saddest TT I've ever seen  wtf RT  Mannnn I miss my bestfriend our life is shit right now. your my favorite person...how can you think i dont love you  *jumps out of a building* I don't feel good RT  I hate being the last to turn 18 out of all my friends  When I turn 18, everyone is turning 19... But I'm just going to cry right know and I'll hate Cory for the rest of my life Had a dream about jackie then I didn't see him all day.. He better not have left without saying bye to  and I no! I want to! but my projector has a broken fan and i haven't fixed it yet.  RT   you holding a meet this saturday? tia esque ave si no me van a dejar sali mañanaa RT  Seriously fapping on my period is no fun though  and I can never get enough Ahhhh! makes sense then!  I love my Air!! its an amazing thing. One of my favourite possessions! me tooooo  #geeebus don't be mad a me.... Sad face is on... : ( they rock except for one thing- no adobe flash player.  that is a MAJOR downside. My Bro having a bad day I hope our guide performance still goes on and mine but I'm beyond rubbish at it hooo good because its freezing here!!.. I am every night yeah  i stole it and im not happy about it Forget it :-( forever alone!!!! ;;) " Oh wow! Don't worry,new year,maybe. :) RT  YES OH!  " Yh? RT  My WHOLE life, I've ... I wanna hang with my girls tonight but i think they forgot about me : ( I really really want a duckling omg sames :O haha :L im from the east  he sure did :D xxx I don't feel so good Broke my thirteen week streak      #pissed How can you arrest your dad on his birthday????  after you wish him happy birthday when he's caught Feeling relaxed after a massage I really do have some amazing friends!! Now time to chill with a dvd. Just me and bobo :-( Holy snow balls! I wish I didn't have to leave the house today RT  Hey #Chicago, we told you the PM rush would be a mess. Why didn't you listen?  :-( Lool....I'm mahd cranky when I wake up from sleep.  Sometimes its for my own good tho. awww  there's always next week lol LOOOOL!! :P la akong sports  obchors im right! since when have i been wrong? ;) literally :P Serious hangover cravings I'm going to miss you. Good Morning! Fasted for 5 days! Getting ready for school. I want many followers :) help me please people  RT "  "!! I need more followers  how do you have so many? RT   Im so sorry but I can't do rhe photo thing for harry as I am out  sorry, I would hvr loved to xx I have one favourite perfume ever and I've run out so I'm using the next best one Yay finally get to go home but my phone is gonna die boo Been the worst week in history of weeks Fuck I miss my old twitter so those curls will be gone? Ear ache Had an amazing time with  so sad to see you leave  I've got you piff ting, only a msg away dnt forget that! &lt;3 we have nowhere to go VOTE FOR OUR VIDEO ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE PAGE. WE'RE IN 5TH PLACE sometimes I wish I were Stewie Griffin I fucked up  I lost by 1 point, dude got it at the last 7 seconds of the match , now I'm bout 532 :/ oh,well other than that were good RT   what happend #NFGFREESTYLEFRIDAY? It's Friday and I'm Sick...There are a lot of things to do but no hay animo RT  NUN BOUT U DAT SHIT STUCK IN MY HEAD Sometimes things just don't work out #sosad hehee I do well then and then flop I KNOW , But Its MY TEAM  I D K Yet. Still Deciding.... Coach went to go do another sitcom, Happy endings or summit oh i'm sorry  i hope you get better soon!as for the university i've got exams which means a lot of studing! If i dont see  ill cry it is indeed, only caught the last 5 mins  and oh dear gems too addicted!xxxxxxx yup completely forgot  been busy sorting the toilet out I miss you too, I've been sick all week  I'll see you tomorrow though! :) ahn ahn u un followed me Weird_Ms! I wanna be your Twin. But my face is real :-( Where did you get yours? that was soo scary!! I was like is he not doing ustream anymore??   STRESSED OUT! Now I know :) :D ohhh that's not good It's payback time :) RT  Wa7laily  ! Maswait shay :') RT" I miss hitting  in school for no reason. hahah *hi... i hate colds RT  Not a single directioner followed  or  for me  RT if u did for a followback :)   I KNOW. It just keeps coming down. The weather outside is crazy!!! Snowing, windy, stormy, freezing.....#NotCuteAtAll lovin your tweets, wish they were real Why the hell is this lineup @ timmys always sooo long? Just realized im not really sure where my license is ripping my belly button piercing and passing out wasnt REALLY the brilliant end to the day i was hoping for. not jealous! Not jealous at all!  I want to be back in Dublin #favouritecity  tommorow half 9 al uit mn bedjeee So na moonlight things yu dey on! Eyahh RT  No light til midnight REALLY?! I really wanna just shout at someone but the only person I can is out mine doesn't YupFlipping through the tv and E! is on, guess what show? When girls kill. The story? The death of Seth Jackson in Ocala Fl. #sosad I hope to god my face isn't breaking out in hives right now #stressedout #tooscaredtolook I'm cheating on  :-( W/ Nate Parker :-) but I'll prob be out   you need to work around MY Schedule ;) seemed to know. Seriously thought my writer had just gotten creative with thesaurus.  #needmorecollege So cold Yep...  By the way, we have a rough plan for the London weekend in June. Will send you a message on FB later. I know :-( IT'S TOO HARD TO GET NOTICED BY YOU  BUT #NEVERSAYNEVER RIGHT ?31 dirty I reckon, still working - I haven't got insurance though takes forever and a fucking year to text me back arw jess's dog died that's what I thought! Bette be nice to me need summet to do omd's reece mastin has a lil bit of facial hair ...its foul  im going to cry ); As if my cat just had a hissy fit and scratched me I have a feeling I won't be leaving O'hare airport tonight why did everyone else get a smiley face but get three dots? plz follow me. I tweet you everyday, but you don't see my tweets  only say that #IloveYouKidrauhl BELIEBER FOREVER 2 ugh. wanted to see you!  xxx  Gonna slave away at work being bored for hours.......someone visit me What else? Que no se case you ruined my day bf RT  AMALA is the devils food. &lt; Yes, i know but I hate when she talk about creddie all the time! Wish I had an actual computer for the  livestream.  #bingbar If I'd have got tickets to see one direction I would be at their concert now but instead I'm sat at home watching corrie 10  least I'm off this weekend tho, thank fuck!!! Xx in one of the worst moods I been in a long time Haven't been able to hear out of my left ear since I woke up. I hate this. i wanna go snowboarding we should be Tomorrow is Cody's last day at Outback  #sosad huge shame! But 1 top performance is never enough facing a stacked team tomorrow Fml back to work feeling so ill is in PA. death in family... So..  but it is nice to see you! My Back Hurts Casi mil tweets recien ugh. I wish he stayed by you lol my next ones feb 17th on a Friday  (I get pins out and cast off) I'm pretty much in love tho, he's perfect lol! Which one of my followers just spoke to me? that is sadness. :-( lol I guess that is all then can't you send me one?  I'll pay for it! Please!!!! My footwear lite I wish I was playing tonight!  good luck, tell everyone I wish I was there with them! I promised myself I wouldn't be upset on Fridays, but I always am.  At least the pizza party at work today was fun. I wish you guys were here because I am so incredibly bored too!  We better have speech tomorrow still! Ughh I don't want to go to work My high score is only 120,000 Upset ready to go home dis day messed up my whole weekend Stop, having a stupid day :L oh right, I thought they went on automatically....:/ guess what? my ipod has died....RIP Ipod Trying to workout but can't because of the headaches I keep getting. Delete my feeling for you, ERROR the file is too big Got like some sharp pains going on in my ribs, brb I'm dieing :-( ima have to shovel later :) 
research  #Booter I kno..I dnt feel good.no laughter  RT   I was just playing lol her and about two others and the 15 year old shit you never called me back #WorkFlow & ready to be off already... I DO NOT feel good... Yeah, I know im fat. Dont need to post it on facebook, then keep making digs at me Awww thanks Glenn. RT  Heading to the airport, and I miss everyone already :-( Cigs :-( Might have to delay doing this mate, my internet speeds are that bad that the demo is taking forever to download yey!!!! I win!! Yes I close lucky you. Alex and Sarah followed me too :) but  didn't even notice me! " S/o To JayZ For Beiing On The TWERK Team....."///// her uncle Fruiqwan sed she knt twerk no mo got an absolute banging headache too im too hot #sassy. just pointing something out  Mixed emotions right now I ws gonna bring him naa RT  Heard jhore_care is getting married soon cc  and the guy never come see us. U can imagine? hum lololol. he's fucking hot. gtg now btw you have to deal with that its put to good use everyday Nothing Moves Me Anymore was playing in Dorothy Perkins today! #imisswonderland D: how could you? nyff you should come poulton :-( last date to enroll in it r coming.. @   i hv not done wd it AhMate, But Cuz Of The PP Its Might Not Happen he recently said in an interview that he was planning to move to LA, so he probably wouldn't be in mic series 3  xxx So not a good day LOL 5 GELOSED IN A ROW.  #LeagueofLegends RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying Neeed a cuddle from you disappeared again  So where did you go on holiday, somewhere nice? Thank u... seriously wanted to go right now to #Stratford because I know u're not so... like a friendship as #Chustin Do you know what any of the other original endings were gonna be? I wish they had shown the original Josh Duhamel/Rebecca one Left my #kitkat too close to the radiator RT   RT  I'm glad I never followed dat Uberfacts moron good ive just notice the real hustles been on ive been missing it for ages then Haven't seen New Girl yet! kkkki fudged up they want to destroy pit bulls? it's not the normal one!  its the 1970's one:') #classic Why do people change after you've been with them /: have a stye in my eye. and i feel like when i put on mascara, i'm ripping off my eyelid. hurtssss lol ;) don't worry I'm always forgotten about Workk Delete my feelings for you, ERROR the file is too big  It is so fucken cold out outside I am freezing my ass off right now I hate having to work outside what made if more fucking depressing was the fact that every single shop we went in and even the radio, they were playing 1D's songs. im watching tv in my room allll by myselfffff! everyones left me  booooooo! Think I have 6983188348 bruises on my leg now aw! He just fell out of the habit  I'm trying to get him to start again! Got my soup n coffee, all I need is some medicine Trimming my hair. This is so depressing mine great isn't there  oh well! Thanks anyways! one thing i love about exam week: the awesome #sleep i get. the thing i hate about exam week: the exams Sadly, sometime it happens :-( QT  The Internet Kills Relationships Yerrrr! Eating chocolate after watching this?? I just can't  #endslavery Hates to see my little man ill  get well soon my lil Ben 10 xxx RT  when your boobs hurt  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Shiitt,, reclame  #tvoh I wont nasty ' To Callllll Meeeee  ' I Wish He Hadd MY New Number , UghhhF ! Here comes the tears im good! Was gna see u like we planned but u didnt call So tragic the events at Belfast Hospital. D's time in special care all flooding back - can't imagine what the parents are going through “ Who scored the 2nd Glos try? I missed it!  #rugbyunited” qera I dont think  is coming anymore!  but I'll eat some! :) mine does exactly the same. Think mine is due to poor signal too  x mt chato Amimal cossing is getting boring i should of got sims :-( Rest in Paradise Etta.  'Blues to the Bone- The sky is cryin'' missssy, is the next part up, ive read all of those JaysJunkies ones their amazing. meh i need more fanfics  &lt;3 I really hope so Didn't see my boo  today lol etc ... daddy talkin bout i cant go on fb lol wish I d Not high no more. I know  How long do provisionals take to come? plz follow me. I tweet you everyday, but you don't see my tweets  only say that #IloveYouKidrauhl BELIEBER FOREVER 4 ALL THE SONGS IN MY IPOD JUST DELETED ITSELF..  R.I.P. TO ALL OF THOSE 1300 SONGS NOW ME N MOMS GOTTA JAM THESE CDS i can't convince jeff to put it on amo asap aweeeee. I feel so bad  haha ino I wish we shouldn't be sayin I wish it shod happen!  xxx Awww I'm sorry  ......we miss seeing ya though. Wish I could see ya with a big belly lol Ahhh I missed " new girl " :-( O well I can't anyways watch  will come online in the hour that im watching  on big brother :-( well... my hunting club has rules that I have to follow.  but I'd gladly shoot anything if you wanna pay 300$ for me. Ughhh wish i could use my whip Please notice me,i love you really a lot and you don't know that i exist  &lt;3 Jealous? RT   you have bewitched me,,woke up so sick this morning  jealous pipo neva win Gahhhhhhh I don't even know what to do when it comes too you.  U remember today marks 1yr now since Copper Cat died :'(  :'( R.I.P Demar Copper Cat Graham My Heart Cries :'( ... Whyy is it soo cold  I hate winter!! i love you so much plz follow me RT   is moving out today  I'll miss her like crazy but I'm so proud of her. You go girl  ñ vi First saturday off since i started working, and i'm going to be putting myself through more torcher than waking up early Just had a vision of  tweeting me saying 'Hello Grace!' That's never going to happen though because he never sees my tweets go shopping with me?! I am definitely broke for two weeks now I need an espresso machine. Regular coffee just isn't strong enough anymore RT   Could Lila be any cuter?!?!?! She had to go the vet today she was sicky I miss being off on fridays stressful  hws work and all ?x Aw  Obviously was in too much of a rush for her party :P My neck itches and burns but dont wanna touch that cause its visible Having the worst day at work. Everyone made money, today, but me. About to stuff my face & pout .! ;  #NtInTheMood Why so hot, coffee? Why only 5 girls followed  for me?? you know I will promo y'all Missing ya already stripes!!  lool Free My FUCKING Brother Shoddy Ball Hard Davis Damn I Wish I Was With You  I Love You Man & Stay Strong ! RT   If you're standing, sit down. If you're sitting, lie down. It helps :) &lt;- but I'm lying down Found some old pictures... Miss racingg I really want to make some ramen soup but none of the pots are clean!  #firstworldproblems I keep getting mail from The University of Chicago & every time I do, it looks & sounds more amazing. I just wish it had my program... miss you too... But your not, I freeze to death every morning!  #ionlyloveyousomuch I said I would take my girls to school, but was to long in shower, hannah cried all way to school About to get ready for work no inspiration  because of this I have so few pictures today made... notice me, please! I love you so much and stay very sad because you don't reply me or notice me  NOTICE ME, PLEASE! Aaawh ethan Just not a $ day here! :-( i wish i could stay for your baby shower Would do anything to take a nap right now but I have to go back to work :-( What's wrong with her? RT  : Aww Etta James died today I need you to dress me again tomorrow :-( I'm worried about you tshirt, programme, bracelet and that pack of photo things. NO  but I got on the tour bus!!!!!x the next gossip girl break is supposed to be at the end of february #freezing  #lonely bad mixi fudged up they want to destroy pit bulls? it's not the normal one!  its the 1970's one:') #classic Why do people change after you've been with them /: have a stye in my eye. and i feel like when i put on mascara, i'm ripping off my eyelid. hurtssss lol ;) don't worry I'm always forgotten about Workk Delete my feelings for you, ERROR the file is too big  It is so fucken cold out outside I am freezing my ass off right now I hate having to work outside what made if more fucking depressing was the fact that every single shop we went in and even the radio, they were playing 1D's songs. im watching tv in my room allll by myselfffff! everyones left me  booooooo! Think I have 6983188348 bruises on my leg now aw! He just fell out of the habit  I'm trying to get him to start again! Got my soup n coffee, all I need is some medicine Trimming my hair. This is so depressing Sadly, sometime it happens :-( QT  The Internet Kills Relationships Yerrrr! Eating chocolate after watching this?? I just can't  #endslavery Hates to see my little man ill  get well soon my lil Ben 10 xxx RT  when your boobs hurt  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Shiitt,, reclame  #tvoh I wont nasty ' To Callllll Meeeee  ' I Wish He Hadd MY New Number , UghhhF ! Here comes the tears im good! Was gna see u like we planned but u didnt call So tragic the events at Belfast Hospital. D's time in special care all flooding back - can't imagine what the parents are going through “ Who scored the 2nd Glos try? I missed it!  #rugbyunited” qera I dont think  is coming anymore!  but I'll eat some! :) mine does exactly the same. Think mine is due to poor signal too  x mt chato Amimal cossing is getting boring i should of got sims :-( Rest in Paradise Etta.  'Blues to the Bone- The sky is cryin'' missssy, is the next part up, ive read all of those JaysJunkies ones their amazing. meh i need more fanfics  &lt;3 I really hope so Didn't see my boo  today lol etc ... daddy talkin bout i cant go on fb Not high no more. I know  How long do provisionals take to come? plz follow me. I tweet you everyday, but you don't see my tweets  only say that #IloveYouKidrauhl BELIEBER FOREVER 4 ALL THE SONGS IN MY IPOD JUST DELETED ITSELF..  R.I.P. TO ALL OF THOSE 1300 SONGS NOW ME N MOMS GOTTA JAM THESE CDS i can't convince jeff to put it on amo asap aweeeee. I feel so bad  haha ino I wish we shouldn't be sayin I wish it shod happen!  xxx Awww I'm sorry  ......we miss seeing ya though. Wish I could see ya with a big belly lol Ahhh I missed " new girl " :-( O well I can't anyways watch  will come online in the hour that im watching  on big brother :-( well... my hunting club has rules that I have to follow.  but I'd gladly shoot anything if you wanna pay 300$ for me. Ughhh wish i could use my whip Please notice me,i love you really a lot and you don't know that i exist  &lt;3 Jealous? RT   you have bewitched me,,woke up so sick this morning  jealous pipo neva win Gahhhhhhh I don't even know what to do when it comes too you.  U remember today marks 1yr now since Copper Cat died :'(  :'( R.I.P Demar Copper Cat Graham My Heart Cries :'( ... Whyy is it soo cold  I hate winter!! i love you so much plz follow me RT   is moving out today  I'll miss her like crazy but I'm so proud of her. You go girl  ñ vi First saturday off since i started working, and i'm going to be putting myself through more torcher than waking up early Just had a vision of  tweeting me saying 'Hello Grace!' That's never going to happen though because he never sees my tweets go shopping with me?! I am definitely broke for two weeks now I need an espresso machine. Regular coffee just isn't strong enough anymore RT   Could Lila be any cuter?!?!?! She had to go the vet today she was sicky I miss being off on fridays stressful  hws work and all ?x Aw  Obviously was in too much of a rush for her party :P My neck itches and burns but dont wanna touch that cause its visible Having the worst day at work. Everyone made money, today, but me. About to stuff my face & pout .! ;  #NtInTheMood Why so hot, coffee? Why only 5 girls followed  for me?? you know I will promo y'all Missing ya already stripes!!  lool Free My FUCKING Brother Shoddy Ball Hard Davis Damn I Wish I Was With You  I Love You Man & Stay Strong ! RT   If you're standing, sit down. If you're sitting, lie down. It helps :) &lt;- but I'm lying down Found some old pictures... Miss racingg I really want to make some ramen soup but none of the pots are clean!  #firstworldproblems I keep getting mail from The University of Chicago & every time I do, it looks & sounds more amazing. I just wish it had my program... miss you too... But your not, I freeze to death every morning!  #ionlyloveyousomuch I said I would take my girls to school, but was to long in shower, hannah cried all way to school About to get ready for work no inspiration  because of this I have so few pictures today made... notice me, please! I love you so much and stay very sad because you don't reply me or notice me  NOTICE ME, PLEASE! Aaawh ethan Just not a $ day here! :-( i wish i could stay for your baby shower Would do anything to take a nap right now but I have to go back to work :-( What's wrong with her? RT  : Aww Etta James died today I need you to dress me again tomorrow :-( I'm worried about you tshirt, programme, bracelet and that pack of photo things. NO  but I got on the tour bus!!!!!x the next gossip girl break is supposed to be at the end of february #freezing  #lonely bad mix if you want me to play messenger dm me In such a shit mood, why is there never any good news?I wish I was with you guys I know mane you threw me away Nooooo! I don't until tmr night. Oh well :-( RT  Red Tails tonight! Wish there was a Zio's here or a Pearls boredom makes me hungry Die Hard Fan Of Your Sir!But I Was Disappointed To See You Smoking On Screen For Some Recent Movies!Paaji Aisa Mat Karo! snow advisory tonight  y should I hurry??like u care You're so perfect omg I have no one to ask  I'm with Ashley an she's all grouchy about it. What do you think about victors roommate gallaway &lt;333 aw omg thats a shame COLD what are they made out of? In the UK we don't have #Fringe new series part 2 yet :-( RT  Milli Vanilli never calls me anymore. I bet he forgot my number Wish there were some good films on *sulks* what's wrong with my arse :-( well,  is scared of my follow button holla! Today is the coolest day ever. yeah  &lt;3 Those random hard ons at work I can't live without you! #putlocker and #sockshare down, how am i going to watch big bang theory now? so please follow me  always i try to get this and it wasn't hapened  16 is being held captive. Whats wrong with me tonite? Cant stop crying ffs ... Lisa get a grip! Had to stay in, make up all run ☹☹ who????????????? RT  how many question markssss ! after u will be attacking me RT  #corysnewgirlfriend definitly is not as pretty as   what is he doing?! home from the vet.. Oreo's 20 lbs over weight you're turning 16? don't worry gurl I feel your pain I'm 16  but I'm turning 17 in April RT  RT  ←← RT  ☜ horny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! • im not surprised lol! | Lolol I Can't Help It I miss my nephews think of how the poor kids must feel  sickening! He doesn't deserve forgiveness, he deserves to rot in hell. Dirty old man xxx - Omgosh why wont my side bar go transparent no more Gah, I didn't mean "Domi", obviously domo... the subsequent errors I will wear. Pity my 10+ trips to Japan didn't help me more Watch house, I don't feel good I wanna go on a fucking picnic smh the last picnic I went on was with  and that was almost 4 years ago haha its cool :) home front is good :) :) liberal reforms are the worst   good luck :) x x x My knee really hurts....  Omg coconut body butter smells like mexico Feeling just a smidge #neglected. ugh , i wanted to go to the movies I know  but you know where we are if you ever do get a lunch - early or late! lol thank you do much!! I want so many things right now geeez... Hungry feelin sick thou  #pregnancyproblems I've never gone I know You're the reason why she wakes up every morning,does her hair, wears make up and looks nice just 4 u! You just never notice it! plz follow me. I tweet you everyday, but you don't see my tweets  only say that #IloveYouKidrauhl BELIEBER FOREVER 7 alone again  lol I want to go i know!! It makes me mad! :/ but I don't wanna make mad mad cause then hell defiantly say no! I'm so emotional...he just took his life support off & died. Ohmygosh a RT   lol dont even ask !!!!! Braci you hit me today The Zombies In This Are Scary  Shitting Bricks! #ScoobyDooOnZombieIsland Can't wait for my day off...(MONDAY can't come quick enough) : ( we missed you  I hope you feel better are at wolverhampton tonight? omfg :-( What a debby downer Our house before the other houses were built round it I remember when my daddy used to kiss my sister's head In need of some company That better be legit. I've known you since pre-k.  #WeBeBuds MayB me & the kids will take a break somewhere. Oh damn, no car  Etta James? Yeah it's really sad. i dont know how to dance OMG! So devastating!!!! RIP Princess. Thanks for saving her pups. I have never been treated so rudely at my job as I have here. People are mean.   : ( Imissyou so much much much weehh  we went to my house. pas swag euhh Bluebell is definatly not going to pass her MOT Where is and no I haven't got enough to book all three of us  xxxx I don't wanna workout poor mike! i feel so bad for him on jersey shore, i mean, he is a nice guy, and it is his birthday too.. i cant wait to #BELIEVE ! Will be the best album :) BRAZIL NEEDS BELIEVE TOUR ! Notice me please  #NeverSayNever #BigDream 9 lol.. Ion never have time. q foooome can someone get me this for valentines day  even  thinks its cute doe WhoRU?  Stay pressed RT  Turn me on is a rejected Rihanna demo song. Besides nicki just stick to RnB no seriously. i'm freakin cold me tooooooooooo. Apparently here we have to pay for our 3D glasses? In Aus they were free im sadly okay with this Change of plans....fort lauderdale fr the weekend - Forever alone, tristeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  kakakaka  i tried getting you to notice me for ages and then my twitter deleted and i have to start again  I’ll leave when the wind blows, take a breath and there it goes practice was good but i wasnt up to my standards today. i followed you days ago and still didnt get a shout out that's true just have to think about her cheeky smile bless her she's resting now  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Match is called of  &lt;/3 RT  HOW U EVA LOVE SOMEONE SO BAD. .DAT IT MAKES U WANNA CRY ??.. SORRY TO ALL DA PEOPLE DAT I HURT! MAINLY YOU!.. RT   I'm sorry aw :-( at least you're going tho omg me too PUPPIES?  DID I HEAR PUPPIES? Oh. Dogs WHAT ? :0 Are you ok ? omg white chocolate are the best ones!!!! You've made me even more jealous fazoli's sounds good. i'm hungwy lool..dat 1 bad gan..RT  No lite here sef  RT  e don tire me..RT  Lolz RT  mbI ainda nao   #POPLineDAYOFF i had a bag with The Beatles on but it broke well thanks for the call!  just kidding! but ill see you soon eh? People just got in a wreck in front of me..so scary Montreal too! But I can't give away t-shirts for the moment  But the Leafs one's available at omgggg. are u serious?? 
*( F.A.M.E.)* Over The Voice gesproken. Etta James. #ettajames. At last... The Courier will be a tabloid from tomorrow. Might just about wrap a saveloy When im the reason you're sad,, i feel like crying my eyes out and wish i didnt exist long time no talk hurry. I'm lonely  xx Of course I would appreciate it if I could get out, but they didn't plow anything and nothing is melting. I see icky snow arghhh ajehrjdvrkekqfwisndlecw PISS OFF!! You do this every time  hahha x Ive had a headache since last night oops all my followers got unfollowed because i got like hacked sorry  ill follow yu back if you want :D RT   didn't get to say it properly earlier gonna miss ye so much in duncregz  #block4forever #Jet #Pira #fuckdingnderm :) ill :-( F the snow and F the cold I've been sick for weeks now! I got shit to do man awww i hopes your okay  and i changed my name again xD RT  Mannnn I miss my bestfriend Missed texting  today  hope you had a great day at work.. now I gotta work :-p Xoxoxoxo &lt;33 omg! I want cake Noon im sorry  i just dont want u to go! i just got got my blue casr got to wear it for 2 or 3 weeks ...... I should be cuddled up Tonight is depressing  hate being on my own Up early for work I dont wanna be your girlfriend , I wanna be your little sister i need a boyfriend RT  That AWKWARD moment when someone says somethin like "ah I'm so fatt!"...and you actually can't disagree to assure them I want my baby back. No more Pumpkin Spice Latte at Starbucks YESSS! ITS SO ANNOYINGGGGGG! 'I NEVER meet you & you NEVER follow me & you NEVER 'RT me & I'm EVER a sad girl !!  ..but Justin #THANK YOU for all.&lt;3'
6 Soooo going to be a long night madams really poorly :-( I miss my iphone Oh are you going abroad?? And thanks girl, I'm looking at places but it's so expensive :/  I hear back late April its sad  im lonely.  you didn't come back.... #Fuck i missss my boyfriend, for real RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. PLEASE !   BHB or not? :o how did you get out of it?! Haha yes  xxx Lol jus remember I woke up in my entire 51 outfit. Smh this life has to tone down school starting jus nowww  i know  or me laughing at you when you pull an old lady ;) I&#39;m mad as hell I&#39;m sick on Friday  contagious and shit That sinking feelin wen u jus realised a hott girl liked u but never realised RT   RT...Again missing you! But I understand you! I know you're busy!  #BelieberFOREVER &lt;3 Good Luck With #Believe agreed. So sad Where is Nazjae , I miss her i did it and now i feel sick I know, lol how could u tell. It's coming on in two weeks, so no glee next week Tried ages on monday 2 get a birthday tweet from  and she didnt get 1 but understand she was busy-feel fkn amazing right now :-( Looks like Payton's on his way out I got bad news today. I miss you too  &lt;3 who ?? RT  Swilley Done Fucked 1 Of My Sisters :-( I HATE FUCKING STOMACH ULCERS. This is why I don't eat properly or drink fizzy juice. SO much pain Ireally gtt too kno whatt df goin onn I just dont know anymore guess what I'm doing this weekend? STUDYING.. exciting life I hate my job now...its not fun anymore. no  can still FaceTime though hehehehe happy birthday!! sorry I had no more cookies omfg I would literally die if we did. But won't m&gs get the barrier? :-( waaaah x the EastEnders app on here posted a spoiler! Phil covers for him, Shirley's gutted apparently Think i'm sick Fed up with life Han  we need proper nite out I know u are hun...its hard. Just keep reminding yourself what will be will be. It got me thru our failed ones Why do people need to get old? My phone isn't getting any love  #sadtweet So tired, can't believe its only been one week  #school a date sounds good, mk will have to shut down after we've got our mits on everything! I want oneeee  x RT  I should be seeing the word "aspiring" a lot more in these twitter bios. Lol ==&gt; lmao Aaawww let 'em claim it Talib  lol My dress theres no oh wait about it! im on my own  &lt;/3 forgot all my books when i moved back to school, now i have nothing to read on the train  #firstworldpains Hey, Can you followback please?  Thank you! Thanks., but i had a exam on Sunday the medicine is hell though  i feel like I'm dying. xxxxx plz follow me. I tweet you everyday, but you don't see my tweets  only say that #IloveYouKidrauhl BELIEBER FOREVER 8 short hairrrr  xx I haven't seen Myanna in a min  were she been My day is kinda dumbing down she ran away because we let another cat in the house.  Lady Marmalade Tyra said Maddyson looks like meggamind 
-Love_Music; Someone please come pack for me all i want to do is go back into bed  really hate working weekends Fine ill just marry another guy on fbbeen bored all day & all night yepp  joes still going though :/:/:/ I wish I didn't have to work that's all day Saturday gone and most of Sunday but i really loved food  lol jk AWWWW I want many followers :) help me please people  RT "  " I'll never ever meet them  cause I live in narnia!! I really want to go to their concert & meet them !! :'( oh. we didn't get to hang out like we said your new lips arent any cute... Seriously, how long does it usually take for a video uploaded to tumblr to process? My video has been processing for over an hour no phone Brb , jroo7aa she want phone RIP Etta James was just watching beyonce dvd yesterday and she mentioned her in it today I see that she is dead so sad I'm in such a bad moooood I want a tweet from   I love herrrrrrr! ♥ Thanks boo. “  I'm so sorry duaa  I'll keep her in my prayers...” Not gettin any texts  bad buzz stupid bb hahaha I wanted tc today but everyone's being a fag and I'm actually craving nandos  meh do u like any of the names suggested by  i am not able to decide my hands have gone purple but miss just kept laughing at me cos I couldn't get it off   
me shouting 'were Dalmatians' #btec   RT  My hair is gonna get messed up in this weather Loool!! Yes now RT  Dayo! Opon?  "  Madam olopon, how are you ?" I know  he's leaving when we move anyway bless him.. At hannahs with the girls.. You still coming tomorrow? Xxxx I changed my number on the last contest - stupid me   dammit!  I would have won on  livestream a few minutes ago ... grrrrr Ouuw! Ctfuuuup   Is A MEANY Oh I really need a Starbucks right now I wish it was summer time..and that I was in the kitchen with my grandma cooking. I start work tomorrow.... No more sleeping until 12 I was Missed my chance to ask  a question Whew! Wonderful! It looked very very bad, and the wind just kept it going..you guys have had it rough this year :-( please can i be one of those fans you follow? being waiting for ages! wish i was one of them  xxxxx Not Feeling Too Good haha :L ino how you feel , aww I'd love it . I can taste it so autumn just slapped me you called me gay  or was that saarah? Was that even saarah? MAKE ME A SMOOTHIE WOMAN Hey guys! Its  and i am so sad because my twitter got blocked and I was waiting for  to follow me 4 2 years! I'm sorry I'm still the devils daughter 666 errday I don't have all my tax forms.   I want my money!  This time last week &lt;3 miss itttt u deleted it He was home for 2 weeks, emergency leave. He won't be able to come home. :-( Just woke up again.. got a bad ass headache and a fever ! Ugh  hope these excedrin or whatever the fuck work!! RT  Just heard Etta James died 
Raise a glass folks, that was one awesome voice. RIP Etta. x Coffee? I was on a 6-pack of coke a day, went cold turkey. Believe me, it is ROUGH, for about a month. Officially done my placement... Miss my grade 4s and 5s already  PLEASE  say hi to me idol I wish i brought my guitar Time for work....yuck People keep on unfollowing me and I have no idea why. yar but dunno what I am doing yet will let you know. Ah v nice but aaa is gay My legs hurt!! “ In sooo much pain right now  .......”&gt;&gt; hope you feel better ... Amm Noce D: One Direction lo siento Kevin ikr, i thought the same as you RT   25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lv4q1w4DyQ1qiglyxo1_r1_500.gif &lt;3 I know :-( have to go out and get him at 10! Was looking forward to our Chinese too!! Oh and our specials!! Xx I didn't buy anything yet but can you follow me? #MrCelebUK omg i'd love it!!!! :-)) NEVER MET THEM so would mean so much - can't go tour tonight either at my hometown :-( xx;36 I thought that might have been you too. "Do you even go to this school". I miss you more Just read ppl's tweets from #svu Weds nite. Kinda glad I didn't watch, I prob would've cried when Liv mentioned getting over someone. ha goodness yes use the silent treatment! its only perran lmao & if u don't try u never know experience! so angry at the decision too cute babes ! I wishhhhhhhh  love ya xxxxxxxxxx when kev points out the pimple i have on my face, omg  &lt; I just wanting to cry today :-( Kids are sleeping. I'm applying for scholarships. Not feeling so great about how much scrolling I need to do to get to my birth year oh! Glad you're safe, sorry for that hassle you have to go through now I've finished my 2nd vodka; earlier I had a migraine brought on by stress; yesterday I had a stress nosebleed. I guess no  no  hahaha. I would hang out with niall ;) haha and u? I know no  ....E has my gift though Physics = an ever-lasting torture aye i wanna go back ta sleep so bad but ma dorm cold as fuck Fomeee Hate this damn class!!!!!! its not why is everything i want really expensive?! I suck ass at mw3  #sadtimes ummmm can you text me please i dont have any of my contacts and i miss you! : ( NOOO! Not Ruth!!  #hungergames Well today he was saying he didnt want to  So now if he doesnt, the blame is coming your way missy! RT  I wish I was in Bimini Obviously Ur Still Upset About That Mishap On BBM Earlier!  Its Ok Babe LOOOOOOL xx k and lucky you have a iPhone! Who wants to bring me food to the hospital?  They wont feed me same at home watching tv  home alone Wah cramps RT  I wish  went to ndcl was wrong Why do my cousins in ghana believe they are american gangstas....  its not cool attttt alll! Hiii ^^ i'm sorry, i had not seen this  What do you prefer  to speak, in spanish or english? XDDD RT   lool u alchii!*Oh X_X ITS BEEN 1 MONTH MATE *feel your pain" I really wanna take a nap, but I don't wanna mess up my hair.  #princessprobz" ; ditto! “ Gotta put my notice in....bout to leave my WD family!  
Well ima work there twice a month!” where u going I've just finished dinner. Let me get myself together and I'll send you a text if I'm coming. I forgot oh my god how can you say your not good.  ( live on Riding the bus  #Carless Had a nightmare  Chuckie the doll was obsessed with me & tried killing me! aww  omg you should sell it you would be soooo rich!! Hahaha no, that only happens with you!  Can't sleep Till we hit traffic What I was afraid of came true I miss doctor who follow me pleasee  love u :) Need to sleep, but I can't wish i was getting drunk, I'm home from work and still got a shit ton of paperwork to finish Haven't sleep yet. Must try to sleep real soon! This is very bad Karim, please follow me? I've been stuck ill at home all day and it would make me feel better?  x I'll take the fact that you don't want to answer my question about coming Mexico as that you guys don't want to come Come mai? Ahah, sad life for me and you...  xo I'm still awake I'm worry about you now...are you ok..?  must wait for me!!! My heart is so painful just like a nail pierce through... sad I didn't get to see you today! It's scary lol like those freaky haunted games you post ain mow Que se conecte angel plis I hate the part where Ricky's mom tells him that she's so proud of him going to College  ugh he doesn't know what's coming #BoyzNtheHood you dont know how much I love you but you dont know how much I been sad for you Wishing you were awake I hear they're at capacity now, shouldn't have left  have fun gorgeous!x Ima miss   I hope she don't b gon for long nope half way done with my senior year  #sad #seniors2012 the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  53 noooo gutted no #cbb  who shall I have running commentary with now! Maybe  ... Get them to put it on! I should not be feeling like this right now but I am...I don't like this feelin I miss my chocolate MUCH! 
&lt;3 #alamw12 Dallas has an amazing network of public transportation. Wish I could read a bus schedule RT  It's a Sad Friday, knowing that there's 7 days left of #Chuck  Brighten your day up & show your love for the show: Is so sad that chez dosent notice me :-( x lol I wish I had mins to call y'all,  I need metro again ' Man, I hate good byes   #NeedADrink I hope they dont hurt Keshia  im feelin her pain right now ! She needs me . #crossingmyfingers Ugggggh belly hurts today  !! Im madd, && i almost had 300 followers Aww you should! I haven't seen anything you've drawn in a while. I miss seeing your art Ouch :-( I don't get invited anywhere What was I thinking this just isn't my time haha!! I'm not so jel now! :p although would kill for z glass of wine Aww what do you mean Jack?  Hope you're well! RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. *pointin n laffin* RT  I'm such a boring guy,  friday night and I'm forcing myself to sleep... Well I ... This morning #oomf threw a snowball at me LMFAO! awww man  “  I tried the dbl headband thingy and my puff was FU! My hair is too short for that.  :-(” dang it, I can't right now  They shall live on forever in our memories, and the memories of future generations. #allwecanask #MrCelebUK omg i'd love it!!!! :-)) NEVER MET THEM so would mean so much - can't go tour tonight either at my hometown :-( xx;39 aww no  yeah, sounds like a good plan ! ♥ that awkward moment when u realize ur stuck in p&m office with a rat............... im tryna make it up to you now wisk he wud follow /RT/tweet me was you sad? &lt;3 that's not good &lt;3 hihi Spending a night in alone without  due to my sickness bug :-( I hate spending time apart from her, she means everything to me! haha my mom is so embarrassing  but funny. Like a bad knock knock joke. I just read it on here  I fucking hate him, I want him to leave! So sad about that !!  RIP Etta James !!! Does anyone else have grand theft auto 3 for iPhone ?  I need help.  and anyways if Shea doesn't want me to cook food when she's in the kitchen why can't she feed me also ? My teeth!! "THis Photo doesn't exist' Ugh , i Feel Like Ordering Food , & Watching Tv With My Bae Like Jam & Sherman .. I'm Jealous Khalil Not Here Listing to music and thinking!1 literally want cry looking at my belly button. without sounding big headed i love my tummy i dont want a big ugly scar on it  #uurhghh Doing the math review and all I can think about is kata... #toomuchhw #missingkarate Ya casi voy a la mitaad    #ElizabethEulbergsTheLonelyHeartsClub craving diet coke but being forced to have pepsi because that's all there is Left my headphones at home yet again :-( Smh how ninjas wanna press my friend Brandon! I feel bad for him...he didnt even come today Did you see my messages after the link… looks like you clicked on it because just got the same message from you awww  miss you mann xx wish I had a time machine misss you more RT  listening to kenny chesney makes me miss summer &lt;3 I'm not taking that class with you Thursday  I forgot I have a night class its cause  is too cool for me he won't suppose to die they were suppose to get married have kids and he have a music career Haha RT  So iv lost my voice RT  i dont wanna be alone on valentines day Ughhh I just wanna cry LOL...I hear u. It was crazy yest tryna drive in Oakland & the North Shore!  #thedevil I fell asleep again on the bus today Lol buh whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  . Smh.... see yu need tu cum tu spring b/c thers no bullsht I think she don't wanna talk to me oh :D i dont know some of the songs!! i feel bad The wanted ate in dc??? Wahhh why am I not there! i know not happy  would of been brill for a catch up!xxOMG! She woke up from that nap and was MISERRRAAAAABLE! And when Lo is miserable so is everyone else. Ugh. Poor baby the first time i sing my song is to the whole of the cast, everyone else got to do it in front of principles! I just wanted a twinkie after reading that they thought i had TB, but i didn't. now its just some dirty infection.. omgggg you being serious? i'll be having words with her man, RT  RT  You masturbate cus you dnt hav a gf #DontWorryBeHappy take a pic of it i can feel the cake and chocolate i binged on earlier crawling around my body and expanding it in every way possible. Wow beyond bored right now haha xD What?! You've got like 9million followers, some must be pedos  What options are you taking for sixth form? :) RT  RT  AMALA is the devils food. &lt;  &lt; Looks Like Something They'll Feed To Somalian Dogs i gotta live with my great aunt till my mom is better This a bad day I'm starting to hate twitter now for obvious reasons I always forget how much I love to dance..until I let loose and just do it. #lifeiswonderful Now...college algebra time Neil Delamere  Chloe  You have just shocked me do ya not know who he is Im Mad As Shit I Got Sent To ISS & You Aint Even Get Me No Juice Salem is so smelly Bad girls aint no good but good girls aint no fun Ready to party! Only... my feet already hurt Who wanna hear me sing? Nobody? Ok Oi pick up on FaceTime My Dad told me I could go on amazon and order myself a lot of books if I wanted... but I don't know which books to get I hope so too!  why didn't she tell me I would have? I miss him so much, I'm just not texting him 1st cause I thought he'd miss me by now. Guess I was wrong.  #EmoTweet Man ii wanna get me nd my lil girl den purple 10's but my cho cho's aint lookin tuu good rite na  #dam 'I NEVER meet you & you NEVER follow me & you NEVER 'RT me & I'm EVER a sad girl !!  ..but Justin #THANK YOU for all.&lt;3'
12 it's been quite a long time I can't come anymore :-( xxxx eww might study for one of my 5 tests tonight why you don't wanna go Go away headache damn, i dont have anyone to go shoppin wit on Thursday RT   Could Lila be any cuter?!?!?! She had to go the vet today she was sicky RT  Hate waiting my blackberry charger is so shit just wanted to eat some chocolate ice cream but my mum had it there with some shrimps and it's smelly now  #fml Think I got a cold coming on  menu hate feeling ill :/ I sent you a good morning text out of the kindness of my heart never got a reply görürüm I be getting a bit car nauseous got it on clearance at macys like November  FOLLOW ME pleeeeeeeeaseeee   pleeaeeeeeeasee   pleeeeeeeeeease back to sleep I go I want my baby Linds Wah I wish I would have gone aw :-( maybe she'll go anyway :-) oh no's  .. keep your head up love!!  RT  I have "friends" but noone to hang out wit  😞😞😞😞 ok, i'm a fail troll My phone has had a heart attack  hang on! I'll save it!  ( live on Time to do this utilitarianism essay. Don't even know where to start. #ImissGCSEs I need a new bobble Ahhaa! so that's why u wanna kick me  Very bad! Want to go home now! Sick to death of this shift  but it just keeps going I know how you feel, girly  xxxxx I'm with ya sista! 2 more hours for me  then we will be in tape and wine heaven! neeeed to get to spfld to get moneyyy I am hurt alli. Emotionally scarred for life omg why isn't it a #RT and Tweet back Friday too Hahahah its true though! I'm bored as well though The sad moment when you find your sister hates you now... #IMSOSORRYYYYY  #bestbigsisterever #iloveyou RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  and  R-T if u followed! :)x yess let's my phone died sorry Ooooh -____- RT  Lol, sexually deprived tho? I'm, like the biggest nerd ever. I love it though, I really want to go to ComicCon with my sister, but we can't i thought you had the computer on WHY?!? I miss them #yucks not feeling so good  I wanna go to bed....only 4 more hours of work wahh even though it was only for 2 seconds :-( i cann't see the hearts on fb what about me? RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying TXT &gt; &gt; &gt; NO TALK Seems like he's acting distant . : ( Can you send them a cease and desist order? Isn't using those images a violation of copyright? Because, yuck Think ive made a big mistake with you idk everything I've tried hasn't worked Yes you are ps don't tell the whole twitter world that I'm sad enough to revise on a Friday night, I won't have any friends then IDK. But i can view others video, just Ryan's... ( : ( follow me ? Not ?  poor me Email is down today  You can reach me at NightDayPro until I get it going again Haven't made it to the #gym this week, ugh! Could have ran & done more in the workout room tho  I'm #lame I'm in nap I really wish I was going to Birmingham TWAT all my girls are and I'm the only one who isn't I REALLY WANT TO SLEEP! That's all!! tha snow fckin up plans man omg I hope this letter from the scouting company is legit  I would cry I don't like her too nope boo I gota work  ...but ima go to the one at manual ! I wanna get prank called omg such an embarrassment thinking about it haha. Soz gilly :-( Noooo...i want to come to yeeew...You better talk to him RT  I miss   learn how to return calls weirdo RT  I am soo gonna miss 2nd period with  and   love yallll. Someone talk to me yo why have we not talked on awhile I don't like it #ThingsICantStand when my foot falls asleep. meannnnnn, shut up  I'm back at school the Monday - I Aint Mad At Yu , I ' m Mad At Ya Stupid Phonee For Not Gettinq My IMPORTANT Messaqee. I know to com fome I missed  these past 2 days RT guys, I went on the treadmill earlier and after I had been jogging for 2 mins I got shin splints  why did that happen??? It's like when I didn't want they was always around tryin sell me some, now I want some dang cookies nowhere to be found anytime i tell  i love her she never tells me back Work!!!!!  RT  It's Friday!!!!!!!!!! What do you all have planned for this weekend? RT   oh okay same here u never text me back  &lt;&lt;&lt; I be busy.. totally agree  change of plan likee! Thanks for letting me know this information Meany I know But, nobody is stopping you. :O  oh..FINE i see how it is ;) xxxx Happy birthday beautiful miss you RT   Karim, please follow me? I've been stuck ill at home all day and it would make me feel better?  x When friendships drift apart and break away... it's about 5 pages long :/  I don't get it x the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  62 Watching a documentary about Marilyn Monroe, wow, how incredibly sad her life was, she just wanted to be loved, loved as Norma Jeane :-( NOOOOO :-( I take it back...give me one more chance LOL I love you moreee babby !!! Imuu Grrr fucking stressed My mom wont let me get an industrial piercing :-( No more chicken fries.  #whatisthis My braces are so sore  but got them pink for T.W.A.T &lt;3 miss u to hun  we need to go do lunch or drinks hun Really wish I didn't have blonde hair at times  want a change !! let's go! I haven't seen you in forever I want to wear makeup to look decent but I feel so guilty for putting those chemicals on my face haha Will someone please come to WuFu and hold my hand ?! Well this is sad news  RT  Frank Darabont finally addresses his departure from running 'The Walking Dead' I miss my sis I finally feel old because all the people who made the music that raised me are dying off. This movie is making me cry  #sosad  omg why didnt u judge?? U shouldve!! I couldve seen u  yeahhh im at provincials :D RT  Hey #Chicago, we told you the PM rush would be a mess. Why didn't you listen?  :-( RT  Got my books now time to unpack Great. Now that song is in my head  RT  why'd you have to go and make things so complicated? ha! That's funny! My girl loves her "cage" though. Cosleeping doesn't work for us. I'm not tweeting a lot just lately  &lt;3 Never needed a drink so bad in my life I wish In mourning because my favorite female singer just died #EttaJames Oh God.. Protect All Us From This Evil World! RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  and  R-T if u followed! :)x nice one. What a bugger though. :-( I should do that too I guess Rangers fall to Pitt last nite 4-1 :-(  go to Boston this Sat at 1PM!! NYR fans can watch them win here!!! wayyyyy. aww no!  #comeback #feelbetter! I cringe at the sight of this much snow....this is going to be a long commute home! :-( ahh i missed the convo  lol I want somebody to come over " noooo“ So schl has really resumed 3-|”" I had sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much love for you!!!!! Back home from hairdressers. Hair is OK but she's not a patch on my last hairdresser. Came out feeling a little deflated... Soriano is transferred to FC Red Bull Salzburg! - Sadface Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils for us it's snowing even more Good..glad to hear! Doin ok here..we go to as many as we can! Long road trip coming up so not many home games in Feb If a monster dies you are losing a part of your family piece yes! And this monday they (twitter) are going to close for 24h  (i think) u dont know anything about s.o.p.a law? " Wish this picture wasn't so blurry   I miss this &lt;/3 I wish that too thats mean  um Love Like Woe by The Ready Set :D whoa etta james gone  i named my first car after her the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  61 Man why tf hasn't  texted me back today? #sadtweet Did anything come yet? I'm worried they've lost it I dont want pack .. I just wanna watch movies I know, me too! :-( it really would have, we both need to sort him out!! Xx kkkkkkkkkkkkk era pra essas mechas ta azul I CANT SPELL Bye bye  it's been fun... (@ Salt Lake City International Airport (SLC) w/ 38 others) now i have like no followers I can't find my remote I wish  &  would hurry up & come home  Im lonely life crankyness and sickness  makes rob a very judgemental guy lol i thought it was a bit mean when louis said he'd sacrifice niall in the video diary :-( 'I NEVER meet you & you NEVER follow me & you NEVER 'RT me & I'm EVER a sad girl !!  ..but Justin #THANK YOU for all.&lt;3'
14 I KNOW.  normally i love goign to it, but i am gonna miss you too much  and the twins too ! I have a headache. From all the force I'm doing w my cough yeah RT  Hasna got into a fight ? Dang we was havin fun dis morning too RT  can  just follow me  i'll be the happiest girl EVER &lt;3 love you NIALLLL Because of how many customers came in so late, I'm now stuck here til a set of bread is baked. Boo I have no energy :-( oh yea. so here i am, waiting a friend desperately to be online, but she still offline Still waiting for a hand to Play :-( 
116 Player left and Avg is 260k i am ok with 300k“ Man ii wanna get me nd my lil girl den bull's 10's but my cho cho's aint lookin tuu good rite na  #dam” i know. i'm amazed. fuck you man, broke my heart! I'm not going down without a fight....or should I say without a bunny...if I had one!! Sighhh Spent half my fucking day looking for the name of a Dragon Ball Z character... Still can't find it I feel sad  :/ i wanna gol to higuey This day has totally drained me out. I literally feel quite hollow. Well, of course you couldn't see them naw, the shit on the floor surely ha to be a joke "  oh  for how long? x" till Thursday hun lol umm no reason just wanted to see what everybody is doing So wish I was going to see one direction tonight Watching the princess diaries at work :) by myself because Jess and Anthony left me RT  Season hasnt started yet n i miss playin baseball :-( Plz  plz plz follow me amy ur like my idol i luv u sooo soooo much. RT  I wissh I could play temple run!!! But I dont have an iphone I feel your pain and all I had was a sarnie :-( we still havent potatoes I miss that guy Damn I can't go see my boo cause its snowing kd o  pra me fazer rir hein ? Aaaarg  I'm fuxking hungry feed me Blonde or brunette? Why is this decision so difficult so it looks like i'll never get that kind of relationship back, live and let die i suppose I can't wait two weeks for a new episode of #supernatural! Conversation got boring Really!? How did that happen? its always something . Liam only  and WATIC :") Jaaden ! Please follow me ! It's my BIG dream ! I love you so much !! Im BELIEBERS and JADENATORS :) please I didn't do anything though.... Just saw a dog on the side of the road dead...I hate life  rip lil pup I got a PS3 man! No Xbox lost one of the ones I truly love last night  my baby sammy&lt;/3 i'll love you forever my little angel. you're in a much better place. Oh well, even if i did see you we never catched up properly  
Xx Been wondering why Etta James has been trending all day and I didn't even check. RIP Etta James  ♥ soooo I hear its going to rain all weekend!  True O False? that doesn't make good reading Oh my, no matter what I do or say it never seems like enough. Look, I'll practice with you as much as you want if you will just stay on! Anytime! Please? 
#don'tseperatetheicing&cookie! I don't know what to wear to tour pois amor staying in revising  least exciting saturday night ever. In the cab on way to meet the girls, feet are already killing me  Miss you! &lt;33 i feel like the worlds biggest asshole right now  breaking up with someone is not easy. yeah :-( Flashback  [Like it?  ] you still not folowing your #Jadenator Princess No way we could never ever do that Everybody got they food except us on my life i didnt mean to tell #oomfs i hate them today , they took my Cotton Candy though dudee : ( Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 122 lol  and omg i was dying in there, i was soooo tired EW! i get out at 4 everyday except for wed. i get out at 3 I'm Bored  &I Want To Go Home Already D: I keep flying low  this is getting embarrassing bloody awful! It bored me  I couldn't get into it? Lollll xxxxx this movie called Listen To Your Heart. It's on LMN. Sooo sad in class ugh Lets just stay home RT  I dont want pack .. I just wanna watch movies ikr  hurry up march!! I'm still at school this is dumb awww, Matthew! You wish you were there WITH him, doncha?  
Tho thad...
#youcouldcuddle don't like them  pink and blue one please :) what a shame  cuddles Omg I'm so sad! Anthony isn't in my class anymore Ahhh that was a great 147 chance  #MastersSnooker no! I've got training at 5pm -_- fgs.  x Not feelin 2 good RT   I love you too ! &lt;3 Mondays our last gym class together Terminei meu #HSMFACTS  HSMForeverInOurHearts Vienkārši fuck youuuu, man ir 6 informātikā. RT  Only if Boko Haram n GEJ r in this movie to make it correspond wf whts happenin real life! haha you know it ;) can't watch new girl  channel 4 online isn't working #incompletefridaynight Off to get a root canal.. wooohooo! :-( ca suffit le niaise. I miss not having anyone to spam!  #AlbertIsALostKitty aiwa bas at the end ana lessa za3lana brdooo  mohab 3ltol by3aks bnaat odaaami :'( lmfao no  but i WILL win this contest! &lt;3 i cant believe youre already in florida! i miss my best friend  can we skype? My mommy didnt answer her fone wen I called Called my sis to talk to her ass but she didn't answer RT  I hate seeing old people eat alone RT  Imissyou so much much much So much for any naps today house showing from 2 to 6 how fun   me so tired! Those little fuckers hurt School is not the same when shes not here  blah ! I know  did your mum write you another letter? did school mind? I've had my ear pierced!! Sold my  ticket for tomorrow  #heartbroken Wow. My mum has me cryin my eyes out on a friday night  deep talks with mummy xxx I wanna go crwl under a rock nd jus hide is mean.! RT  tha snow fckin up plans man sorry I can't be there to help ya out today bad bad bad idea! Plz plz plz plz plz follow me amy ur like my idol i luv u sooo soooo much.  please!!!!! am hungry and there is nothing to eat :-(slow and frustrating  looking forward to the weekend though! at least what part of it will be a proper weekend RT  #OldCelebritiesThatAreNextToGo is the saddest TT I've ever seen  wtf  ( live on arent we all no  hopefully next year (yea long time away) but they are not in our class because that's where it starts! alls good. Everything normal but due date is pushed back a week :-( 8/11. Babys heartbeat was good. LOL fml  just go check man Can somebody bring me a charger to  40s plz my phn bouta die RT  Alzheimer's is by far the saddest disease the biggest reason why i want to fly to armenia ,huh, i want to do a tattoo not really  haha! sorry &lt;333 Ahhh dope!! You go there when  is not spinning   I will be at Haven tonight.. But might drop by Republic! ello you, wondering if you'd want to share you GD discrimination experience?  My daughter is victim atm i want greeek fries :-( Class in a few and me text book still nuh come : ( and me did expedite the shipping : ( fucking hell I'm sorry jackie  but idk if we can be friends anymore ... #mynamesnicole ..... I pushed it in.... But it's sore now RT   If a monster dies you are losing a part of your family piece Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 127 i'm mad because I can't retweet shit you are saying.  lol. RT  RT if u are #FOREVERALONE  Cuz lord knos I'm not trying to stay at work till 7 smh I had plans tonite Ion think ima have money to het my hair done for Senior Breakfast No football on tonight !  was genuinely convinced #AFCON2012 was starting tonight and was looking forward to the Senegalese! i don't know, it's tied into g+ and EVERYBODY being a photographer these days, and somehow i gave it up when dad died I am afraid I have the same info Am I losing my voice? I'm still at home. No beer no coke They keep repeating and repeating......na only dese ppl dey audition kmt lol RT  Nigerian idol again I KNOW RIGHTTT. Its torture  might fly out to them, la loving ;) LOOOL sad face I bet iv tweeted more than most ppl and I won't even win  #MrCelebUKand1D Very nice! Looks like the discount code is only for the US though  Booooo. I know  RT  Lazy self “ about to take a nap.....” i just wanna see the vow She keeps giving me more & more work  this is impossible. hey why are u not on dancing on ice this year? Its not the same without u  x 100% u don't need to ask, seriously tho jus put half of it in th bath. Feel ruff. In need a a soak #soreglands I wish it all fit in one post  

#gaytweetrules  We hail yu too.  RT  " ShoutOut To All Them Guys That Tweet Sexual Here and Have Not Pressed/Seen Boobs Before.." hope I'm not working   just en route at the mo :) :) ye heading up tomorrow? thanks but it came an it's not that color it's way darker so I don't like it no more RT  snow dont go! i need you Has 3 tickets to  tomorrow and can't go  #Peak! Really wanted to see  Just to thank her for #WhoYouAre..... you havent been online I. A while.  xx At home on a Friday night again  God, my life is shit lol! I will have company next Friday though ;)  Miss you too babe!! RT  I really miss you girls I know.. :) " Awwww...... He'll be back soon! (((Hugs))) RT  Missing him already... " let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!!!! Wish it was summer Can you tell me, only if Cece die??Pleaseee hahahahahah :p RT  My WHOLE life, I've NEVER gotten a valentine present : ( aww I wish I was getting a bigass teddy bear for valentines day  SIGH . lol wish i was back in year 8, didn't have to do anything My finger hurts Today is the most saddest day of my life.. My iphone is cracked like crazy stop! We were getting on so well I live on a small island at the butt end of the UK. Fine here but no pink vodka  Olive gin sounds cool :) RT        .. Extrañaran mis D. #qepdBold2 I know I cant make you change your mind but I want to! “  girl (cont) RT   Mad at me :-( chillin Imy Me too  RT   That's Excautly How I Feel man.... He mentioned my cool hat!  judas that he is! yay...kinda wish I was  have fun :) Ahhh.  When do you find out the grade? WHATT? OMG  NOOO..I guess I have to sing it now....lol i got an 80%  I wanted more lol Going to drop off my beebee at the airport I'm craving taco belll BABE I MISS YOU TOO&lt;3 OMG RT  I wanna go to oak hill's game Omg f-5aa6ry aseeer  !!! I know aww, thanks&lt;3:D but you can't even see my face :p I miss you too i love you babe Sufficate - J.Holiday , yo old ringtone #ThingsICantStand when people are talking in different languages, and they keep looking at you :-( ewwww  hah. I'm in Toronto now:) the water is so blue Round two tomoro smh  Nope, I can't get cover - and I can't really get away with the three hour drive if I have to come back for work the next day Dont sing that ever again andrew hahah!! well its no friday when your doing FUCKALL :-( X RT  have lots to do and not enough time!  &lt; I feel your pain mate x my arm hurts... Ay but he mine  but fine ^.^ RT  Lol or tu boyfrienn Ivan :D lol RT  Watch me have aa girl iwant hur boy - fri do you know when storm chasers is on in the UK because there hasn't been any adds or anything - well usually provincials r in feb right between my midterms, I thot same thing dis year so I dint bother to signup .. I wish i could go to CCS homecoming I wish my sis  was here to help me w. My hair yes : ( I tried stopping it wouldn't! Lmao aww okay  and why whats wrong?  RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  and  R-T if u followed! :)x I gotta band aid on my wrist yes but you keep unfollowing meOoh Nooh  RT  We officially confirm the death of Channels Television reporter (cont) for Mac only at the moment  I've got one :) Yeahh D: its freezing here awhh  maybe the stone church one has some :) and I know!! I'm so excited :D no!! my stupid belly button piercing just ripped  ugh this is why we shouldnt mess with our bodies!! oooh the beetroot one sounds good, oh boo I Miss Youu : ( ! not my fault "  is actually the biggest dumbasss ever......." the pursuit of happyness is so sad at times I only want to get to 400 followers apparently you sent me a direct message all like 'click this link there's rumours about you' haha think you've got a virus I was looking for you In avid today  lol Every time when my alarm goes off i get all excited thinking its saturday & up facing the facts . Its Friday my dad is going to new york tomorrow with his friends, steve and fred...im going to miss him Dude, thank god for the weekend...oh wait..i have to clean stalls tomorrow..BOOOOOO! No sleeping in for me dick.  I'm exited for thiis weekend;) ski trip hoodies:) &lt;3. It shall be good;) x  that it is my lovely that it is. Sorry u had some bad days tho  xxx Chai!  RT  #Chickenpox that's what's trending oh every soul I know is either having it or (cont) Wankballs Noooooooooo yooooooooooooooooooooooo  ( live on well we didnt get to  i guess theres next time! Need she's me to baby In my feelings  Sucks being told I am now the official stat keeper since I'm medical red shirted  #whyme i guess Justin left Im just staring at it  i Cant believe i broke it -_- lol Ayeeee, yeah  I pulled a muscle in my side too lol oops I can't wait for  to get off work and make this sick girl feel better RT  The right adjective is FRIED. My hair looks fried. Thank you Cadum  #twittoma haha! Cant believe u forgot me  😭 xx So theres a chance we not going to new york? Fuck This At the hospital w/ Terrie Omg this headache ! wish i would've just called in I didnt even realize you were gone until today,  you can tell I never go to school well my mom won't see that shit smh haha they were the good old days! Before dumbass me decided crash the car  #FML :O no way!! I got an interview!!! I feel you pain  x ;-(" Same here   Yuh are not alone :-((( " My WHOLE life, I've NEVER gotten a valentine present I'll just go bury myself in a ditch off the A55 Dobby morreu :'[ eu amava akele anjo Watching Transformers and wondering why isn't my car a transformer? I doooo but I can't tonight  can I come see him tomorrow? please followback me  :) to alone em casa has a very dirty car :o best get cleaning it tomorrow I think- poor Betsy Just heard about Etta James. Etta James    RIP  - We was playing on ye old iPod last night. Sorry  I can't talk  Maybe tomorrow. Have a great night. ;) my BFF have an accident and i came to here now so i need lucky Can't find my other earring Ahhhh , This Slow Chick   That i miss So Dearly . RT  I've got a vicious attitude with people I like & then that puts them off me Me hackearon mi Facebool WAIT , no she not I can't believe my Jorden Boo is 1 years old today!!!!  Happy Birthday TeeTee's baby!!!!! Time for work Why is everything in my life so dysfunctional?!  It gets a tad tiring. Son of a bitch....forgot to get my drink while out :-( not allowed  mum won't buy me unhealthy food no more lol justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 182 shit that's what I'm doin! Forreal tho :-( too young Maaaan why can't I have a clear face?! &quot; wah all alone  #sosad&quot; now you know how I feel If only we had a time machine LOL ! RT   RT  Takis bring back guard memories. *sigh* i miss you more :-( RT  i just wanna see the vow I'll never get tired of loving you, but i'm tired of hoping you love me lol if I was going to dayglow I'd definitely be hitting you up.. But I ain't going Smutno mi ale ja Justina rozumiem   Believe Tour To Poland Oh okay send me the link to the photo im on my computer right now i look like this :} im ugly hey nowt i just wasn't my self yesterday  No plans today ugh, that means home by myself  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; you an say that again that sucks.  Why couldn't it be me?  Lol I need a new car being 21 is awesome! I just don't want to get older now haha I haven't seen you out though Dunno what to do tonight I'm not  Tell everyone you're my sister though! something's wrong with one of my best friends  hope he doesn't let this hurt his game . #iloveyouJORDAN The girls needa hurry up and come over . I feel lonely follow me please! you seem to be following quite a few people todaaaay  xx I would sled with you, but my parents won't let me go out  #grownupssuck RT    I love you too sooo much. Come to school with me next year!  I miss u I actually hate Snakes, I used to love them and used to want a pet one. But after wearing these snake print heels and dropping I'm shoook u know thus but don't talk to me Oh yeah. I know. That is unfair..  Weather feels fucking amazing. What a tease before Summer RT  Believe Tour to Middle East  Make our wish come true ♥ #notice us ! Ino U Luv ur BELIEBERS ! We're a Part of this Family too U preggo?RT  buuuuuuuuuuut i hope this not wat i THINK it is awww my pandalicious babywhy not? :-( I got rained on . . I'm not cute anymore I dunno how to make that happen I no can haz Bootsy.  My FM transmitter went kablooey and now I'm waiting for a cable I ordered from Amazon to ship from CHINA! I hate when people think I'm lying when I'm not. lol We sound so deranged! Love soaps! I already have 6 episodes in my DVR! Idk. Just don't have time right now RT   steals my kills Sucks. Its a massive flight for me! Haha I miss youuu !! Noreen Doreen Bell died IRL yesterday NOT COOL GUYS  RT  new lost? video RT  RT  #NF dat nigga  #TeamFollowBack &lt;&lt;&lt; So u gon RT me but not follow me... :-( justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 188 lol sorry if I offended you  Snot Gobbler lol ;)x I haven't drawn a picture in a really longgggg time. I probabaly suck now. exactly a month ago, id be with these beautiful people  &lt;3 I don't know what strawpedo is WTF! I go to Mexico for three days and I get the worst news.  RIP Etta. I Lubz You!!!! :-* 
RT  Bored now... My phone is quiet. No love today. :-( RT  R.I.P Etta James. You will be missed greatly.&lt; just had her playing on da pod yesterday I know. If I talk in a manly voice will I sound older? haha i knoww, an youll love it. wish i was coming well jel she had it mega wavy and a full fringe!! I wish it was you Watching #desperatescousewives on E4,  looks so beautiful. Nothing to look forward to on a monday night now  x so jealous and a lil mad ur  not at the office with me today :-( Feel like everything I eat just gon come up!! i dony have my phone. i left if at home RT   good!   I'd rather eat a hobos toenail than carry on with this course musicals are my worst nightmare and I just want to sing. its so sad tho :O #ThingsICantStand The fact that  will never notice me nope RT    FOLLOW ME PLEASE YEAH &lt;3 idk, tbh  but yeah, they prolly unfollowed me.. Yes, she did. She had cancer My cat is lost last time you were here its was 24 hours ago  please come see the trends Believe Tour To Middle East ♥ RT  We officially confirm the death of Channels Television reporter Enenche Akogwu in the #Kano ... I feel like a Popsicle omg yes!!! Almost ran out of the 20+ boxes my mum stocked up on when i went to florida a few years ago #MrCelebUK omg i'd love it!!!! :-)) NEVER MET THEM so would mean so much - can't go tour tonight either at my hometown :-( xx;43 Holy shit...gonna miss the hell out of I miss   i hope his surgery went well Last weekend before I went back to school and I can't do nothing cuz the snow  SMH!! I have exam tomorrow 3ndkm UR HELL COLLEGE AD -_- :p at 8.00 am RT  Found the courage to talk to a cute girl but then a sparrow flew out of my coat oomf tweetin and aint even text me back “ WHY am I sick?” you're always sick You lie !! I want my boyfriend back aaron Jajajaa poobre tereee, te extranhoo I just always want to buy cowboy boots  lol gem I actually don't want to go Why does Jonathan always want to touch my extra nipples Same  I think Ireland will come 3rd behind behind France and Wales - Englands new squad is pathetic hahah lol it was a 147 attempt but its over now, never seen one live on tv  have followed one on here though!! awww  why ? so will mine :-( follow me and  because we love you so much! Please Justin!  3 I'm sorry baby. I'm just running so it wouldn't e any fun  I'll make it up to you tonight :) cant stop crying omg A lot of people say that  RT   you need help!! Lol 's dog gets a red rocket everytime i pet him  #hesahornydog i'm out of town wed-thur-fri So I tried callin  like 3times 2day n nada YUK !!!!! how could you #ThingsICantStand cold weather Hmmm, oddly enough they are sitting there in iPhoto or Aperture.  Having to open the app instead of Finder is crap " shoutout to  &  for taking me,   out of class, #homieshit(;" lucky i guess it's time to go back to reality RT   I miss u monkey :-( chin me cachaste Would do anything for a pic with so mobile twitter not playing out Crank: RT    I had 165 mayorships, 79 badges & recruited over 100 loyal users.   oh well, I shall deactivate justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 187 at home alone by the fire on the internet yup it's official i have no life just found my Scooby-Doo's A Nutcracker Scoob video and my mum told me to throw it away And my flawless.....I miss the old days I sense some sarcasm? would you min bringing in one of your 4mm stretchers in on Monday? mines fucked  xo dunn gimme dat face. Holy moly! I would cry Oh god Adam Sandler's career has come to him playing both himself and his mother in his latest movie.. What a sad day OOOOH I want same i will i will! but i cant promise  i also want to see little alex!! :D -my mama always goin to the salon & get ha hair done professionally buh i gotta get my hair done at home! ma went to Hilton Head w/o me  but she did buy me something! Completely devoid of witty Twitter repertoire Omg I want to go to fairview and buy food but I'm going to be late for work RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  and  R-T if u followed! :)x Kinda sucks right now. Haven't been working a lot. That time of year apparently My hands is be all hard and ting after I finish washn dishes man! lol it's just taking me a really long time to get there RT  Pzzzzz!!!! pzpz pzzz pzzz pzzzz you said dreams came true... you had a little wrong... because.... You don't follow me Thank you, Sadly, I've already watched all of these Hahahaha aww you're so cuteee I just wanna come get you #MrCelebUK omg i'd love it!!!! :-)) NEVER MET THEM so would mean so much - can't go tour tonight either at my hometown :-( xx;42 I wont be able to talk tonight people  friend won't let me use her iPod charger -__- speak tomoz x i watched the trailer and my life has been incomplete since then Same here too  :@ " OH DEAR... BAD SERVICE... " It's always darkest before the dawn... And in Ohio!! Okayyyyy.. Internet is messing up. No hw for me today where have you been all my life  Come celebrate my birthday next month in towson! well thats a bit sad  /\/\/\/\/\/\*punch*____yeah im sorry for the loss x skyla needs to come over. Until the End #np ainda? aham ( live on I can't see it OMG I LOVE THAT SHOW &lt;3 I watched that everyday before I went to shchi ok but now I leave too early  #sadtweet My battery is n the red. Bout to cut off any second now. :-( I miss you sir. God protect ma bby nephew sorry, i don't understand  please say in english! and follow me &lt;3 RT  The game has been canceled!!!! I think all my fucking toes broke as many times as bitches kept stepping on them chasing after all them fights RT  I wish I went to vista EWWWW SHIT LIVIN FOUL!!!! RT  Poop bag explosion  #lifeofadogwalker Jared was down though  He better cheer up! I feel like a slacker.haven't been gym today  after work tomorrow I'm gonna have to do extra to what I normally do. Oh no! I saw the death of my sweet iPhone today livv i cant come forsure cause my moms is stupid urgg why won't you reply me? RT    justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 190 i know i was so angry.. i was like dad fuckk off are you getting twitter   xx sameee! i try but i dont want to annoy them either  x  I want someone like Danny  #corrie Not invited.. This upsets us  I get way to bored to easy All my text messages were deleted Frozeeee my ass off today & split the split in my skirt wide open -.- todays jusst not my day The end of PaTp Familly follow me and  because we love you so much! Please Justin!  7 I don't want dm, him don't see  Can you just 'reply' to him? // BRB. I'm hungry. Gonna ATTEMPT to get down and back up the stairs without pain I miss YOUR face unsupported hahahah, it would hit you instead of me if you were there yes thats soo terrible They never gave me support  my knee was because of my swimming race, i hit my knee on the pools wall and shit happened Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 133 RT  " shoutout to  &  for taking me,   out of class, #homieshit(;" lucky much prayers percy. Hope he is ok I needa go out..  I hate this aw I wish I was at #XYBOOM too  had to go to the dr's this morning so it was a no go “  look what your missing out on  SO JELLY My day has been &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;!! Normally a night on drugs means crazy fun times. With Metronadizole, it means the exact opposite. Want a beer  #fb No more pop tarts Well let me gone head and make the best of these two hours My stomach hurts aaww how come you havnt spoken untill now then  such a shame &lt;3 alo whatsapp sıkıntı destek hattı trust me, so do I.. I just wanna crawl up n a lil ball and die im n sooooo much pain  sike but nah i am n a lot of pain tho lol RT  Im not in the mood  , I just want  to be alone. 

#RealTalk #MrCelebUK omg i'd love it!!!! :-)) NEVER MET THEM so would mean so much - can't go tour tonight either at my hometown :-( xx;49 aghhh “ I Whonder When  Leavein” next Friday Var The weather felt pretty good but now it's colddd  #summercomeback and come back at 9 cuz yesturday johns dad got me in hella trouble oh she died last week doh  Soz hunaaay I is Ill *cough cough* I shall be in Monday! :) I thought you loved me  yeah it's been fine it won't get busy til Sunday. Good experience though. ... my cellphone n I was far  but still AMAZING! Now Phil has been nicked? #IsThisLife just kill me now omgggg  THATS A LOT!!! so both jer and tyler are gone. Wow im once there and ure gone  Hope ure well &lt;3 RT   I Miss Youu : ( ! Ah would like a Jamaican patty the walllll ...  but i am bringing my itouch in case i can find wifi somewhere (: i hope i do ! RT  When my friends are sad , I am a most def comfort , but deep down ... I hurt when they hurt Fml forgot my notebook  now I have to type stuff up D: agree, but they continue to deny it was spam! sorry ya'll someone sent me it and i opened it like a dumbass just went pick up my car! had to pay for 4 brand new tires  owe well what's wrong ??? everyone I know has problems with the 9900. My only problem with it is... I have dust in it Right?  First weekend in a long time we didn't spend together. &lt;3 Missin them :-( I'm trying to be nice mannnnnn Omg,my phone bout to sure soooo we forgot about dinner on Wednesday haha : ( next week?? Making Boss moves already...feelin horrible Just not in zee mood Does such thing exist? :// Once deleted, the pictures are gone forever, right? Holy shit Xbox is boring without people burnt tounge just K'd me huh? No but I wish I was! :-( maybe next year ;) UGH  (didn't you just start second semester? How are you so busy?) I have  following me, yet he doesn't seem to notice me If you don't tell me what's wrong, how can I make it right? Oh no  win at what? same! I wanted to watch new girl, but no she's watching corriewatching rhobh repeat on bio. Want Taylors roaring '20s styleee dress. Its luvly. Could not trace down new seas. last night My mom bought herself this sick bubble jacket from winners ..she said there's no more argh how lovely!! 2 genuine lovely people!! Enjoy!Any chance of a mention? Never had one  or even a rt please Me: im hungry ma Mom: im at work tabrielle you can cook, or starve till i get home ME: i'll just wait. Mom: i get off at six lazy ass. Oh no Grayling fishing cancelled due river in flood oooh turkey! :D that's awesome! I live in England...with rain and dark clouds   The weather must be nice in Turkey :D  justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 192 Why is it that BTR always comes to Germany and the UK, but never to Austria!? It's just not fair, we're right beside of them! :O #sad Givin u strength! RT  I'm so weak.... :-( RT  I hate blk niggas nice way to start my weekend lol do I have to. I hate hate HATE my short hair! Tnxx" Sowri.,try relaxingRT   terrible headache " Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 137 well I can't aviod the whole dam week! I would #FF but all my followers where from every1 on here lol. Not much point RT   thank you! :) miss your face! Really dont wanna go to work Been there several times :) RT  Embarrassing situation occurred to me today. Stood too close to a puddle and got soaked Unless its my boyfriend, I hate talking to people on the phone.  lol but me love you  smh im really sick . Hello liam. Please follow me before you leave. Do not go yet please. never see my tweets So upset Low  Exit bye guys Why am I not in NYC with you guys? Awww mummy  I'd say I'd call you but you can't speak! Love you loads and loads xxx aw, nooo  Please don't say that! Some series don't even appear on tv ! aww :D! You better watch before it shuts down! xx mhmmm  well I feel like you forgot about me jen&juice RT  everyones having a takeaway except me #stayingintonight It will take me time to forgive you though Mr. Page has abandoned our friendship!  lbvs i dont wanna go by myslef  im too youngfor this xD well mine too okay good! & omg I think I did horrrible 18 days ban for use of whip. Without the  whip horse would never of won Unreal #Horseracingshamblesyetagain :-( not back till Monday I'm afraid mate! Have to go another time Migranes are deffinitely no fun. Nakakamiss yung lesson namin before sa English na Critical thinking din katulad sa task ng mga housmates! Oh  I really hope he's okay RT  Its night here which means I will probably miss  follow sesh again if #bubblegumboy gets to top 3!  I wish she would follow! RT  I don't want Becky to leave  why do all the good characters always leave the best soaps? #corrie My stomach hurting!  ahhhh the agony. plz follow me. I tweet you everyday, but you don't see my tweets  only say that #IloveYouKidrauhl BELIEBER FOREVER 13 No they don't.  I have a work dinner tonight, and then 12 hour day tomorrow. Bleh. Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 136 i hope ive never annoyed you  i can get pretty tweet crazy sometimes... &lt;RF:8days&gt; I guess it did. Diamond's Chinese that I can't have RT  Omgggggg  and my brother watching porno ewwwwww!&lt;&lt; You was watching it aswel, I didn't mean to is killing me Mom always washing because of me  #wlf boring weekend doin nothing  might even have an early night #boredtweet Notre coversation MSN est ... Morte Fancy watching feel good movie but its too late now  bedtime in a few. what?! oh no  poor sue Avatar,, what if my flip side is another nerd !!! but why ya friend unfollow me I ain't do shit I miss my iPod ugh i feel gross today Oh now that's really cheered me up *not* I want chocolate  eat some for me!! Xxx severely bored tonight, absolutely nothing to do I know I'm not perfect, but what the fuck did I do to deserve this?! HAHAH! It's my first Mac.  Never ever going back to Windows now.... apart from when I'm at work.. woow my nails are all chipped i did them YESTURDAY ... cheap salon nail polish I miss Mr. JL  and can't wait for him to come home! # ): I'm so sad  miss you girl! oO i even dont know them  i saw mission impossible in Korea RT  I really got to pee q diga ronald 
 ( live on am ii thee only libraa @ summit Need a monster falling asleep with this painn RT     ... my cellphone n I was far  but still AMAZING! RT  Hey #Chicago, we told you the PM rush would be a mess. Why didn't you listen?  :-( My mum and dad hate all my clothes, aw guys :-( I just did something stupid right now X_X. Tweetdeck was refreshing in a zip and tried to stop it with my finger on the screen  X_X I know cuz I was at the registration thing for the whole prd ! I wanna see my baby   ima cry! iPod y u is hide from meeee, ily too much my phone won't charge Omg, I'm sorry  I had to go with my dad somewhere. did you finish? you are a mean person aww susan! What happened? SOOOOOOOOOOOOO BORED WISH I HAD SUMTHIN TO DO justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 191 hearing them laugh makes me sad  #Jealous oh no! I hope you find another job soon with better pay it's such a long drive :-( "Listen tour heart, when he's calling for you. Listen to your heart, before you tell him goodbye" that song makes me cry you got that right.....I miss my spaghetti nights That looks nice! Cold and snow over here. RT   Hey! heard you want beef? RT  Found the courage to talk to a cute girl but then a sparrow flew out of my coat RT  I just wanna see  already  #ImissherRT  Im so lonely without my twinny today Poor Sonic, he cant get no good games no more so he has to do car insurance commercials. I feel sorry for the little guy. RT  desperate for a follow it turns off all the time ~ haha, yeah, cheeky sods, This my 7th time, I didn't fancy it but wifey wanted to see new drummer :) Same to you, mate. Please let me know if we can help in any way. Still away for Sunday, so no Etihad for me  fingers crossed ! it was really mean I don't duff I'm a solid ball striker!! But I work unfortunately I won't be there I need a doctor ....I feel like crap :-( hate being sick RT  Just heard about Etta James. IM SAD  u never follow me !! where's the words to rass it's just a beat I don't like  Someone take me to Guitar Center. I just want my keyboard to work. haha sad but true  I may huv said but  zebra3 is starsky & hutch's radio call sign Apologises for being a bit hard faced :/ don't mean to put that front on I loved mine but I killed it by sneezing and dropping it in minestrone soup cant afford another one so getting by on a nokia atm BELIEVE TOUR TO COLOMBIA Why??... Cause you don't #FollowMe!!.. What is happening Made the mistake of downloading the latest TweetDeck.  This sucks - all the settings are missing.  Need to find a new Twitter client now! Is that how to spell my name? " Choii..hephzebah its not fair oo  :'( RT   lol I said i'm not telling My tummy has been hurting for a couple of days This is depressing. I just heard how Jordan hung himself, I don't even want to tell people it's actually SICK, I feel so sorry for him, RIP :-( I know I know ugh I know!  I swear I've lost all faith in humankind : (  sorry about ruining your day hahaha : ) Saying good bye to   what am I supposed to do all weekend since I have no other friends? We miss you too. RT  I miss HC I think  didn't like the lasagne... :-( Saying goodbye to my mum -_________- i'm not allowed to go out partying RT  I wanna go to pinnacle tonight.. nobody to go with and no ride no one wants to talk to me today When ur bf doesn't answer his phone  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; bored  gotta study for exams thoo. You? sowwwwy  i stole some from kelly sterling lol. that's a good point.  #fuckourlives 10 mark question for an exam styled question for my biology homework. how am i supposed to answer something worth 10 marks? UGH!! Sorry ... what an annoyance  u so special so special so special RT  Tweetdeck was refreshing in a zip and tried to stop it with my finger on the screen  X_X You told me to die many times yet only this once you told me to live  just got knocked by a dose of the cold so im iratiable about everything  i need day9  lol Nancy u butt faced beevis  never called me lmao wyd tonight? i gonna go to do me service  coming home at 6. RT  New tattoo next week - peng. / :o what u getting?! I want one I'm affraid of losing you yep. kekee~ Thinking of going to korea, i get goosebumps. last year, i also had plans going to Korea. but it cancled. I'll check that tonight with my computer :) I can't see anything with my Ipod " ChillieeCheeseFriess :)" gimme some Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 142 My boots are still soaked from last night  #saad #ThingsICantStand when i'm reading and my sister or mum see i'm reading but they still try to talk to me, why? :-( tomorrow after work! Xo i gonna go to do me service  coming home at 6. Eric and  RT    . I hope soo bc who gone keep us hype tomorrow ! I wish you were here again with meee You are so amazing, so amazing that it hurts because I don't want to be with you!  x &lt;3 RT   Have you see this pic?  We can really see her new hair I wish I was feeling ill  and no I won't stop complaining!!!! sounds like you've been looking for one! nearly cried throwing away the Aristocats video I didn't get to see you omg, am I spamming people with DM's or Mentions? Please tell me? Whaat?  " Putlocker is gone...moment of silence please..." I'm on the vino tonight (after a few beers) It's not lambrini though  x RT  Lol 5IV3 raise dem price ? Top Floor ah try weed out the streggz dem lool plz follow me. I tweet you everyday, but you don't see my tweets  only say that #IloveYouKidrauhl BELIEBER FOREVER 14 I miss the days when me & dungo would watch Grey's all day i work till 10:15  haha btw your avi is so cutee! I love your hair like that Miss you too, boo  &lt;3 how can you only just remind me nowwwwww -____- Ask me if I even made my lecture butttt you're over it,right?? :)RT  #ThingsICantStand chelsea last night! o sorry  block that person, well one time somone did that to me there like oh look its justin bieber abs & it was a scary pic aaahhhh that would suck! I'm sorry. And I'd love to come visit you!.. Oh wait... i want to be in college is it true your coming to st gorge utah? or? reply please niice :P i hardley EVER go there!  i think my parents hate it lol!! aaaaaah arme arme chantage ! haha  ! When you lose one of your favorie pairs of underwear  ... &lt;&lt; I drank soda  lol oh weelllll That's guy make me crazy &lt;333 Someone come visit me Dis is da ting stickin out my right arm  I'm shook 2 move it All I wanna do is snuggle up and watch movies but I have to work  now that I think about it, thats all I ever want to do. #emilyweisprobs RT  I want the Starbucks gift card Really missing the summer ...  this winter is making my feet shiver and my ears shiver  :0 ☂☃ Hahahahhah :'D RT  So I tried callin  like 3times 2day n nada #IfTheyHadKids --- T. Pain & Whoopi Goldberg ..YIKES! would love to go not sure I'll be free with business and family :-( am going to try tho !! xx RT   &lt;3 Ahaha yes we shall go.. but, when I have money. I've been paying shit, no tengo nada hope its not virus as I click on it just read loads of your followers got it oh great hope not got virus on my blackberry now nooo i need to jailbreak my itouch it's soooo slow I love you too ! Just a bad day hahaha  fuck you... I'm getting back to eating dominos, you got me!what if we liked your page a long time ago, do we have to unlike then like again?!? I don't wanna unlike yous guys Not yet  :* Not feeling too good yessss I cried Haha yes yes ;) ohhh how on earth are we going to find out?? ugh i want summer : ( Notice me ?  ♥ did she really ? I'm confused :/ lmao I love you two too I feel like shit, the food I cooked made me nlf feel good Dropped on the volleyball court and it hurts  of course  I'm sure things will get better soon Enrouting asap!:DRT  Dey come my house now,evrywhere dey bubble.. RT  House don taya me sha I do not want to take out a loan Very much so. I miss my bestfriend   && She's on her way back to Atlanta. I actually thought that was really, really funny! CAN YOU BLAME HER. Btw I miss your mum Oh, I know!  Can't believe we stayed at the same Travelodge and everything! RT   what's a #belieber gotta do to be noticed by you? As your fanbase gets bigger it gets harder  &lt;3 I want you to text me. I have nothing to do cause im lame I dont go out anymore  I drink at home now! Save me!!!! I did not sound like thattttttt! Actually so depressing when you know you prob won't see someone again you've made such good friends with  #workwillsuck Oh my gosh I just got pinned  he gave me a wet Willie sorry to hear about turkey everything I dnt wanna be here but my mom needs me ...... Just wish u was here wit me Work is boring I just wanna go to the gym and tan wishes it would stop snowing..i wanna go to iowa city that's what I normally do too! But mum made me feel guilty because I did none earlier -_-  Ah I want to see that  beats bio!! Back to normal :-( you know you're the second person to say that two me... you and my sis... everybody else is all butthurt i got it and ish k bye then   luff you rec'd call from school nurse (she must have me on speed dial). Apparently Jaime's lip was introduced to another kid's head Yay going shopping with my gma! 
But I don't want to get out of bed RT  R.I.P. Etta James  True Legend, your music inspired all of us.. We luv u &lt;3 Aqui tá falando, Sorry, this clip is not available.  ( live on back wheels locked and it drifted, sounds painful on the car, I'm too scared I'll hurt it is trying on wedding dresses right now and i'm not therrree.  I know she look brootiful though :) no  pasame el link ..! oh how mean  #loveyou aww  My average is like 30,000 &gt;.&lt; I go to my PVR to see that my show didn't record, I'm devastated winter = lips chapped and cracked more than usual  it's so painful and nothing I do seems to help #grrrrrr awful " 4 more babies treated for #pseudomonas infection at Belfast's Royal Maternity Hospital" well sort of. Need to delete app & download new one, (5th time) 
Hey I see new "Speedbump" pic. Was this taken with the left hand RT  Lonely, I'm mr lonely, I have nobody for my one...8' I was following spiders - Thought they Go on sale tomm ? i will never forget her opening the door and getting blew over the banister and down the stairs I really want to know why I'm awake right now and why I feel sick tony stomach No more english, anatomy or weight training...high is almost over  #sadtweet *hugs* Ben Mitchell kills Heather. Why does he have to do everything?! And I don't want Heather to die to com mta saudades da lindas: not feeling good today I miss you too bestfriend JESUS I THOUGHT IT WAS ONLY ME.. PUTLOCKER IS GONE RT  R.I.P. #Etta James--one of the all-time great blues singers. You're SO lucky to have your dad!! My dad passed away when I was 15!! Omg my biology exam is on tuesday, I haven't even done any revison today  I'm such a fail This train is hot as balls. :-( #offtoseeminchinthoughsoilldeal  k k kiwan i cant believe i missed you  xx LOL pretend u didnt read all that im still jel though, cause i dont like my hair the length it is anymore  post a pic? nope gotta wait till bloody level 7  #Heartbreaking xxx The hardest thing ever to see is the people you love fall farther and farther apart girl down you ain't texr me crazy headache I used to be able to do a split! Wtf..I miss gymnastics My head hurts :-( My sister left me home by myself Sigh  RT  :'( first  now  #FML May his thunda rest down unda  RT   damn! R.I.P. Steve Irwin ahh !! What's the problem Gutted I'm missing the first game at langtree park  come on you saints!! Thinking About It Now....PETER PAN WAS A FAGGOT! All those Lost Boys He Rolled Wit.....Very Questionable Cartoon! RT  Hey #Chicago, we told you the PM rush would be a mess. Why didn't you listen?  :-( RT  this is not good Everyone is going out and leaving me I am really sleepy and i just woke up from a nap Text me back :-( loool ikr... Do they live under rocks or something? The cafe by my office didn't have any diet sprite  guess this is my lunch #WhenLifeGivesYouLemons #thishangovermightbethedeathofme RIGHT? I totally have a friend who reminds me of him lol. &lt;3 I stinkin' miss that show.. damn I miss talking toooo Glamberts  during the week I've no internet #hateit Why won't twitter let me change my avi! Lol ok  RT  I already corrected myself faggot RT  #Not RT  Damn not mentions.. #FuckYall i agree  it all just breaks my heart I get bullied so bad for drinking straight vodka Their packing all dakotas stuff in his dads car.. Omg, I cannot even imagine what you're going through. I'm here if you need someone to talk to. Be strong. So sad about what happened to sarah burke  RIP! Lost about 6 followers I know, I feel the same  We will find another time soon. We must :) -____- I'm never going to see any of you during the semester No  I'm not allowed to go    xxxnot what I meant, never mind but yea she is, so they have to make them harder to buy I guess.  I probably won't meet her now HOLY SHIT I FOUND THE LITTLE FUCKER AGAIN AHHH NOOOOO. -- lol ,  ! but did yall find the leather jacket ? party pooper I'm Going too what if we liked your page a long time ago, do we have to unlike then like again?!? I don't wanna unlike yous guys Not yet  :* Not feeling too good yessss I cried Haha yes yes ;) ohhh how on earth are we going to find out?? ugh i want summer : ( Notice me ?  ♥ did she really ? I'm confused :/ lmao I love you two too I feel like shit, the food I cooked made me nlf feel good Dropped on the volleyball court and it hurts  of course  I'm sure things will get better soon Enrouting asap!:DRT  Dey come my house now,evrywhere dey bubble.. RT  House don taya me sha I do not want to take out a loan Very much so. I miss my bestfriend   && She's on her way back to Atlanta. I actually thought that was really, really funny! CAN YOU BLAME HER. Btw I miss your mum Oh, I know!  Can't believe we stayed at the same Travelodge and everything! RT   what's a #belieber gotta do to be noticed by you? As your fanbase gets bigger it gets harder  &lt;3 I want you to text me. I have nothing to do cause im lame I dont go out anymore  I drink at home now! Save me!!!! I did not sound like thattttttt! Actually so depressing when you know you prob won't see someone again you've made such good friends with  #workwillsuck Oh my gosh I just got pinned  he gave me a wet Willie sorry to hear about turkey everything I dnt wanna be here but my mom needs me ...... Just wish u was here wit me Work is boring I just wanna go to the gym and tan wishes it would stop snowing..i wanna go to iowa city that's what I normally do too! But mum made me feel guilty because I did none earlier -_-  Ah I want to see that  beats bio!! Back to normal :-( you know you're the second person to say that two me... you and my sis... everybody else is all butthurt i got it and ish k bye then   luff you rec'd call from school nurse (she must have me on speed dial). Apparently Jaime's lip was introduced to another kid's head Yay going shopping with my gma! 
But I don't want to get out of bed RT  R.I.P. Etta James  True Legend, your music inspired all of us.. We luv u &lt;3 Aqui tá falando, Sorry, this clip is not available.  ( live on back wheels locked and it drifted, sounds painful on the car, I'm too scared I'll hurt it is trying on wedding dresses right now and i'm not therrree.  I know she look brootiful though :) no  pasame el link ..! oh how mean  #loveyou aww  My average is like 30,000 &gt;.&lt; I go to my PVR to see that my show didn't record, I'm devastated winter = lips chapped and cracked more than usual  it's so painful and nothing I do seems to help #grrrrrr awful " 4 more babies treated for #pseudomonas infection at Belfast's Royal Maternity Hospital" well sort of. Need to delete app & download new one, (5th time) 
Hey I see new "Speedbump" pic. Was this taken with the left hand RT  Lonely, I'm mr lonely, I have nobody for my one...8' I was following spiders - Thought they Go on sale tomm ? i will never forget her opening the door and getting blew over the banister and down the stairs I really want to know why I'm awake right now and why I feel sick tony stomach No more english, anatomy or weight training...high is almost over  #sadtweet *hugs* Ben Mitchell kills Heather. Why does he have to do everything?! And I don't want Heather to die to com mta saudades da lindas: not feeling good today I miss you too bestfriend JESUS I THOUGHT IT WAS ONLY ME.. PUTLOCKER IS GONE RT  R.I.P. #Etta James--one of the all-time great blues singers. You're SO lucky to have your dad!! My dad passed away when I was 15!! Omg my biology exam is on tuesday, I haven't even done any revison today  I'm such a fail This train is hot as balls. :-( #offtoseeminchinthoughsoilldeal  k k kiwan i cant believe i missed you  xx LOL pretend u didnt read all that im still jel though, cause i dont like my hair the length it is anymore  post a pic? nope gotta wait till bloody level 7  #Heartbreaking xxx The hardest thing ever to see is the people you love fall farther and farther apart girl down you ain't texr me crazy headache I used to be able to do a split! Wtf..I miss gymnastics My head hurts :-( My sister left me home by myself Sigh  RT  :'( first  now  #FML May his thunda rest down unda  RT   damn! R.I.P. Steve Irwin ahh !! What's the problem Gutted I'm missing the first game at langtree park  come on you saints!! Thinking About It Now....PETER PAN WAS A FAGGOT! All those Lost Boys He Rolled Wit.....Very Questionable Cartoon! RT  Hey #Chicago, we told you the PM rush would be a mess. Why didn't you listen?  :-( RT  this is not good Everyone is going out and leaving me I am really sleepy and i just woke up from a nap Text me back :-( loool ikr... Do they live under rocks or something? The cafe by my office didn't have any diet sprite  guess this is my lunch #WhenLifeGivesYouLemons #thishangovermightbethedeathofme RIGHT? I totally have a friend who reminds me of him lol. &lt;3 I stinkin' miss that show.. damn I miss talking toooo Glamberts  during the week I've no internet #hateit Why won't twitter let me change my avi! Lol ok  RT  I already corrected myself faggot RT  #Not RT  Damn not mentions.. #FuckYall i agree  it all just breaks my heart I get bullied so bad for drinking straight vodka Their packing all dakotas stuff in his dads car.. Omg, I cannot even imagine what you're going through. I'm here if you need someone to talk to. Be strong.i think i might cry yes, it was. hahahahahahaha :p But dude, poor cobain he's probably banging his head on the coffin after this where are you?!  &lt;3 So sad and such a tragedy. Gone to soon. My thought and prayers are with her family. Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 158 long day.. 11 year old kidnapped in San jose , poor girl  .Prayers out to her. Stuff like this makes me real sad sigh - where is ribery when we need him? :-( i am sad about leaving, cuz i wont be able to talk to the one person that i always talk to ! Sister We Lettin Your Thumbb Heal...Damn Her..U Sprained Your Finger On Her Face thankyou No more chemistry and dance 
so SAD!!! don't laugh i want to go out No ipod or anything I'm going to die! why? oo lucky you! " IF I AM WORTH BREAD, I WONT GIVE MY WIFE THE CRUMBS IF WE GET DIVORCED" ouchh that was very hurtfull I MISS YOU BOYS! LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL BEVIS IS THIS A JOKE? I hate SALE signs at a store. I end up buying a lot of shirts & jeans.  So cute! want one so badly I think i got frost bite in my ear  I can't come  I only have a tenner and I can't get any more boooooo flauw hoor Squirrels and birds have to get cold when it snows...  #IWishICouldHelp RT   hope your okay lovely! really sorry to hear this  the #1DFamily are here for you, never forget that &lt;3 My weekend plan: Sleep, Sleep, Sleep, And tackle this 5 subject homework pile I Am Not The Girl I Was 3 Months Ago...I've Changed  Needa Find Myself. Ugh. I'm sorry. I miss the OLD Mariah Carey... this one cant sing anymore evil children..just so utterly frustrated by this child..I feel like a failure..driving me insane Lol Make A Long Story Short My Doctor Want Me To Be Homeschool Now Ughh  : ( I can't  I'm busy. You have one next weekend? In work bored  nd here till 11 guna be fun !!!!!!!! hahaha let's be honest backing up in a straight is kinda hard :l lol & parking inbetween cars is worse  lmao  RT  I got baby love handles, ew can you say FAT!!!! RT  Awww man  when is it ?RT  #Thingsicantstand    (cont) what will I do alone in central park nouhouuuu #ThingsICantStand when I leave my coke in the freezer too long and its froze solid. RT!!   Omg the most horrible cramps ever!:'( i cant move! Hey lovely! How are you! &lt;3 I feel like I haven't seen you in ages! RT  “ #ThingsiCantStand how tall I am  I mean....im only 5'8 . Everybodys just so short” our height is beautiful!!! I just want to cuddle up under my blankets and watch a movie. Fuck the cold..  I wish I had friends to hang out with tonight. Gage is hanging out with his friends and I hate being alone all the time except I was SO sad/mad the Theresa didn't make it ... Shuck that My legs are soo sore right now, and I have cuts on my ankles and feet  it hurts to walk fml. pffff I hate that hubby ends up driving in dangerous conditions every snow storm Feeling not good! Belieber is sick Having a rough day  I wanna go home. think I just broke my pinky toe  #ouch Lmao hey at least u admit it ! But i kno u arent RT    Aries are f*cked up ppl but not me! I want my mommy an daddy.. They both gone.. Chronic physical pain causes chronic mental pain. And its every day, and it hurts, God please help me   :{ My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  R-T if u followed! :)x Hahah miss you Ali!!!! Come back to LA follow me? Please, is very important to me  5 I'm confused too Exhausted...i need sleep :-( in such a shit mood Well  ... You let her win  and maybe I need thearpy?? Haha! X DAM I can't watch I'm still in class RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  and  R-T if u followed! :)x Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 157 sorry for late cant help u more buz im on the tran rigth now without my laptop sorry Ugh! Unexpected expensessuck! We had car repairs this week and my transmission is going out-have to spend money on another car i thought you should know that i am very upset that you have to stay home tonight laughed at me it ain't happening :-( phone jumping Are Jem and the usual suspects even around tonight? Dunno if Jem will be interested though if James and Ola aren't on it lol.  Yea  ohh well. almost done according to my kindle I'm 67% through ! I wish you were still here do we could see the movie together I do NOT want to be at work, esp to close my foot locks up on me, like every ither day! i want my phone back It's a cold world out there for #manpunch fans I did...cudnt find it I can't.  I have to go help out my room-mates aunt. Because I fuck everything up. IM TRYING!!! my friend doesn't wanna go anymore so I don't wanna go by myself RT  #GH Aww Scrubs argh  come on skype later anyways that's cause were wifes, I love you forever & you will always mean the world to me. I miss you too! i was jus saying ..lol uhh would you make me pay child support? Can't believe I just did that!!! Oh.....   "  Perdu 26-23" oh no I'm Goin To My Fava House : ( I'm Sorry Don't you jus hate being pulled over by the police and The House of Lords had morphed into Jonathan King with myeesha yaa poor babies  what r u doing tonight?? Definitely. I hated exams :-( enjoy your weekend xxI'm sorrrry! !!  I was too lazy nd tired. , I heard dat ... Too bad im already at that the shop ..  im pissed cause I want my red Then the woman gin bbm me and tell me i annoying RT  I can't be friends with my Ex's Whoops 4got someone   #ff  lovely guy good for a chat :) likes to abuse my best mate  but age gives as good as she gets lol ok it's on the 18th but it's 21+  Selection boxes done  I'm such a fat bastard. RT   Lol creeping isn't part of my "old ways".   discovered my creep stare yesterday R.I.P Uncle Herman  i love you so much and i'll miss you. &lt;3 I HATE This Weather In skool chillin miss tlkn to my tamfam  I still luv yu guys Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 162 #oomf saw me run into the wall and just laughed, didn't even ask was i hurt or dead!  lmao  Miss you too  xxxxxxxxxx that ain't nice I have a massive space on my desk, oh computer!  gone! i am. 
 thank you! i'm trying. Lol  RT  So my cousin no wan carry me go club abi..I go see who go open door for am.. :-( oh well I can be there in spirit. ahh its gettin eally baad.... Omg idk how I turned my neck but now it hurts to move Missed  todaaay i really love  ,i wish you were here in dubai I'm not in the mood to go to work. Smh. Poor Sucre What am I gonna write for my #BW essay?! #soconfused as much as I would love to join you guys at services, I have plans already  as far as tomorrow goes.. I cba man, I wanna sleeepppppp I cba going out the geo exam is ten pages long  #Fml wish I could be that  xx follow me? Please, is very important to me  10 Look in my eyes, you're killing me I miss you too.  Please let me see you soon. feel better love! come to disney world with me in 52 days!!! wah  you never tell me when you're here! You better next time misssyyy Ninguem no whatsapp  esses chiques q usam viber u.u Lmaoo awww i miss yall too “ lmfaooo , ohemgee. miss you guys! Thats so exciting! XD and kinda sad at the same time Hates waiting for shoots to be published.... takes months and I have 3 shoots that I can't use/show yet!  lol #impatient Good luck with such a weather, I was so freezing and couldn't take off the gloves  Begad it's so cold in here. Tomorrow isa none of the links work  #guttapointed oh dang..as i drop it my bed i listen to a lil music and im knocked out lol... mayb sometimes ur not so tired..idk They have only ever worked twice cant send the tweet i want to send :-( .. RT  lulz  i dont want to live on this world anymore RT  RT If You Cried When You Saw Believe Tour To Middle East. I Did Allow it  loool upss me huele a quee ... no se...  my borther said my lips are purple cuz im suffering from malnutrition oooh, im jell  i had a media lecture for 2hours RT  RT  So ecg if u make 1 plug work wat go hopen? Just one peh for my standn fan I bergg I miss u  I feel so crappy  I need sleep. I really gotta stop doing shiit before bed :$ ikr  RT  andre , wish that tweet was real . lol U know when u rly fancy summat, but u just can't av it? Sadtimesforme  :-( you notice me?  that is what I most look forward in life, thank you for being the best idol that one fan can have, TE AMO 3 I miss Robsten so much I wish i still lived in California These cramps tho &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Oh Dont Have One  #TeamSingleLesbian RT   I need you!!! *tear* Another legend has moved on...   &lt;&lt; R.i.P Etta James ugh : ( I miss yall don't knoe but it aint here  my phone is almost completely dead  I'll call you later after its done charging! LOOL  haba on twitter thats unfairrr    haha! desola has no bum bum!! :P Cc: no join! See the light collins! why ur sad? he broke my heart...like all guys  what about you? are they? Thought will.i.am signed Cher? Hmmm! Yeah I only heard the acoustic one Is bored shitless and has no one to talk to  #blahhh I get the page okay.. Just Already Voted Msg... i hope u feel better! i was just thinking about u and wondering if ur eating any more than usual #ThingsICantStand wen ya hav to wait 10 minutes for ya McDonald's I suck at stats idk why everyone thinks I know the answers So bummed my old iMac can't run Lion. I really wanna play with iBook Author. “ Me and Kail Gay pride :)  love your new #NOH8 avi pic, wish I could have one made, Don't think i'll ever find anyone  #foreveralone follow me? Please, is very important to me  9 no more global arts Throat hurts messed up my knee badd 
#hurtstowalk hey  not nice :'( I miss my cousin Nautica I know Weird mood, all sleepy and a bit sad  awh I need a day on my own go somewhere alone and relax cuz this is getting me nowhere Just found out Etta James passed away today  
R.I.P Etta James Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 161 No financing options for international students  ...damn.. #ff  even tho she fake nd dnt tml Missing, wishing and hoping that my sister-in-law Connie is smiling in heaven and is at peace. Head hurts so bad  meow I WANNA WRITE WITH HIM  but if I do it wont end well can't sleep well tonight 
because i thinking of you every second 
still can't believe about your job schedule ! RT   I use a Blackberry!!!&gt;&gt; aw sorry Is that all you have to say?!Snow?! First an apocalypse like hail storm and now snow? va ps. yes! I know. Last weekend was fun tho (: but I agreee ! Plussss tonights going to suckk :/ not going to work and watching sky I don't really want him in the fam either but he's the only one who listens to me... besides, there's no other options #sadasyou Time  RT  What can mend a broken heart, a broken friendship and a broken person... Why is new girl only half and hourrrr RT  MANNNN I HATE BEING BROKE  I need some money brah. I DDNT get it .  RT   I calld u Thank you chris! Skylar is rudeee! I hate having a cold, my nose is all red from blowing it. I need a semi ticket lol aint no apoligizing about thatt Aw man hate seeing people fallen out  Everyone should be happy and cuddle. my Internet keeps dying its annoying me saturday sucks. im going to practice but i cant go to pizzaz  its stupid I feel like such a loser! Why is everyone staring at me friends don't call other friends gross Happy thoughts girl, happy thoughts.... :-( time to come home... Time for more coke floats though :) #diner Please don't no. Give me one RT  JoCKiN_NaTe_G so what you're saying is that NO ONE in Italy can loan u a wine opener?!! LOL seriously better be hanging out with us tonight.  #missyou #needmybestfriend needs his shirt ironed and I'm not there to do it. I'm an awful girlfriend. Poor thing probably needs a sandwich too so elegant and perfect!  im a total opposite sobs #disappointedinmyself No idea  Although I'm guessing tomorrow will mainly comprise of sleep though lol... lol no! I didnt think I was gona get a prize  just thought you'd say I was clever haha RT  are you talking ?RT  Aww.. *hugs* RT AlterMason: &lt;--------- RT  Do you guys know what Ugly is? i hope you come to Philadelphia at least twice for #BELIEVE tour&lt;3 i have never been to any of your concerts I actually miss friday nights in Cov! God I really need to think before I speak noooo way - i have too many exams  miss you xxxxx withdrawls Omg. I knoww! That's so sad Me sieeeentoooo MAL. same I've dropped from 400k to 200k pue na  other day Rest in peace grandpa Saw the cutest kid ever today. I want one :-(  me too being here is stressing me!!! But Jessica sick so idk your are really nice, but I'm just confused  thank you. Sorry for being a bitch. Goodbye Thermal Cheer  Studland Bay Wrecked, now on the stillage ready to be tapped :) The Two Nines Beer Club Begins! Why does every traffic jam I'm in remind me of that scene from office space... Not me  RT  I'm pretty sure I passed my statistics final 😊👌 miss you to man, gotta do sort something out mate deleting twitter in 9 minutes  [Like it?  ] You know what ?  &  don't love you anymore  It's sad huh ? They don't deserve to see you again haha Fat people don't like me justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 201 It just occurred to me that today may the last time I get to see a lot of people na i turperoi Verdoven ky ne  XP  (  [Like it?  ] Kay, who just called me? Having no caller I'd again sucks ohhh my... so do I!!! right now im listening to Etta James!! I come back and you have left, made me a sad panda  I hope you get a great night off then :P Miss Texas A lot I think it's hilarious that the school canceled school. Sucks for you guys  lol Hate it when New Girl ends  love it so muchh oh right yeah me too  what colours your hair?x yea we do!! We haven't spoken in ages o.m.g daniels went home with my fruitellass!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT U DOIN BOY i try 4 almost 3 years  to follow but it looks impossible...  #sosad Its Out Of Mine Too  I Know What I Want THAT DRESS Nooooooooo corrie's over!!!!!!  That episode was amazing!!!!! &lt;3333 Never want it to end #CorrieObsessed hahah &lt;--- sad. The debit card has been lost  no mail shop til tomorrow . :-( Why you say that? Okay babe, I wish I could have been there to see Santa Claus unfollowed me Jussst want things to go back to how they used to be “ I hate when ppl cant text me goodmorning. I always gotta do it. Anyways goodmorning T-World” I texted you Goodmorning that's pants :-(     how ya feeling hun? RT  Ugh me too ! RT  I wan't to go to Disney Land so bad&lt;/3 To everyboby who have followed! THANK YOU!! Can't wait to hear what you think about the video even though we don't have enough material need some heartbroken songs from my number one superstar :-( or better still need cheerin up !! I wont be ablevto come to philly for Niyah :-( I'm waiting until the actual release date. :P plus I can't download anything on my schools internet. forgot about my german and started reading my tweet JEEPERS im boring That officer made a good point......... too bad we're not paid like that tho i'm as good as i can be  x watching  vlog and seeing her w/her grandma made me cry  I miss my grandma (in Mexico) I would but I'm too busy to take pictures I'm confused I don't know what to watch both of them I love " pretty little liars" & "Step Up2"  !! why won't you follow me HAHAHAHAHA LMFAO ROTFL WE LEARNED THAT FROM UR GENERATION BTW XD but u stole our cuteness RT  I hate seeing old people eat alone I know!! In grounded right now though Carless for the weekend So why don't you follow me i've been on twitter since 2009 and i only have 118 or 116 followers  i followed u in march A good endorsement. I wanted to go to Cocum but never got round to it. Then it closed I miss my brother hahaha but its boring when your alone because my roommate isn't here so am stuck by myself today :-( RT  RT  Once the toast of all nations, Lady Nigeria has become an outcast amongst her peers ... In class, wanting to off myself.... I cant take this anymore were not doing london  just liverpool and manchester!! Get there!!! One of the legends has passed on, rest in peace Ms Etta James..your music still lives on...  No Atlanta for me this wkn  #Disappointed U know when someone doesn't like u when they kick u in the nuts Gutted I couldn't go out tonightIt's 5am and I'm still wide awake..Been trying to sleep for like over an hour. Why is this happening now? #SleepDeprivation what about ya mistress tho? lmao I really need to go shopping!! Too bad that costs money noooo, don't leave me Lol.. *ojuju*RT  I'm pressed, der's ogugu in my toilet I cant keep still , im worried RT  Fuck This aaa its been good and this weeken i have to study for finals  #notfun LMFAO, im hip. RT  Fat people don't like me I know that's coz I'm ill  xx  Desperate for a chinese and company  #lonely RT  jealous of lucinda duncan yet again, shes too gorgeous!!!! i want justin bieber to follow me pleeeease I remember my dadi maa and my nani ma and nana ji too. All have passed away. I miss them very much That text I just got  &lt;&lt;&lt; man i cant do this nomo Aw  corra won't be the same without Becky I have a banging ass headache...And it seems to be going nowhere I'm in Memphis with my boyfriend I miss u too! But ill be back sooner than u know it... haha ill ask mama lu! but she'll probably say no  so we can skype instead! When you're running late, delayed trains are good! Downside is you miss your connecting train, bah! And   scarf @ Slade Congrats! :) Sorry  //  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) aww, same actually, had a bit of a fall out with a friend yesterday  listen to some 1D, always cheers me up :D xxxx awr i miss you too, we haven't talked in ages I wanna move back to Brittany Hills or Eastview Estates by dre...wutever its called -__- Why does twitter unfollow people for me  sending love. Could use some wine too, but I'm at work To b honest, interviewer ws right. I'm still not sure what I want to b whn I grow up..but..mny talented kids didn't evn apply Sorry about the spam everyone!!...i guess they hacked me too i'd love another season of Rome, but apparently they cancelled it cause it was too expensive damm i wulda let u off wit jus a warning :) RT  Photo: And he totally gave me a ticket  I wanna know First my grandfather passed, now my grandmother! :-( RT  #ff my lil jones (  ) . he super coo & cute , but he never texts me anymore  but #FollowHim if it really does snow, ill cry I actually miss u too but im bck in there week after next! RT   lol I miss you yeah mines ended right b4 u gave me da last 4 digits  smh if frankie gets put out i will cry  #CBB  I hate that we never hang out anymore. I want my best friend back!!! I'm cold :-( No Sleep. No Review. Woe is me. I Cant Belive #MyBinondoGirl Is Over! #SadTimes  I Was Such A Fan! RT  #ThingsiCantStand how tall I am  I mean....im only 5'8 . Everybodys just so short and there's like almost a dozen people here! They all keep calling me names Got "UNICEF is now following you on Pinterest" email. Won't be long b4 that whole site is spammy as fb. Sometimes marketing makes me sad Me love you friend, but me don't know what you talking about, so me no listen About to head home. Glad I got in early, so I  can leave early. Keep hearing about lots of accidents. Eating Food makes me feel so sick  Somethings wrong... i couldnt find my sneakers , im now in trouble !  :////// I forgot my lecture guide I get off at six wahh #ThingsICantStand Steve Mcdonalds M-Hair line I know it just sucks bcuz I just cleaned my carpets & they dropped juice Sad I have to throw away my FAVORITE pair of jeans My tummy hurts i miss my bf you notice me?  that is what I most look forward in life, thank you for being the best idol that one fan can have, TE AMO 2 was worth a try hun, we are sat in the pink is all justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 205 i have the same problem, i love them all too much too  but harry abit more ♥ ( live on let's research what else we can do to make a difference and put an end to these injustices. : ( new project working hay Headache Oh My, that's a terrible oversight! My condolences. Really sad RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) I have to say.... Tayabs ain't what i thought it was gonna be I'd give the world to have you by my side - I'd Do Anything To Go Back To Summer When Me & My Bestfriend Were So Fucking Close We Talked 24/7 Now it's Just Bla  ! there was no sarcasm, I meant it! Don't know  &lt;/3 yeah, poor thing Im seriously in the mood for an orange julius  #gimmiegimmiegimmie #FreeBritney RT  MANNNN I HATE BEING BROKE  I need some money brah. Pearl makes me so emosh I'm not lying I been sick all day though ! Grrrr wah  it was worth it I suppose 👏 Thanx but i think shes the one who hacked it  xxxx  ( live on I'm sorry  defo come up 4 a weekend another time tho we wana meet your nan ;) have a lush weekend :) x x burned my finger Nuffing to do tonight  Hate being sicl :) i wish he would tour in ireland i didnt get to go to his last time Need 1.9 Minecraft mods damn I miss ya too My Bro gets to see you Perform Live! I don't  Can I come along... tht sucks if u go to school on Monday ur hair is gonna be so long! LOL what's wrong R.I.P. Etta James #All #i #could #do #was #cry no akwai matsala fa. the sad thing is their servers are mostly in the US Would be nice to be able to hear again RT ... I get to treat myself to chocolate like every 2 weeks!!! i miss you.  have fun raging tonight &lt;3work tomorrow  least i dont have it next week im soooo looking forward to a bloody lie in! feb's pretty ok. Can do like mid feb if that's ok? Not too sure :/ I know but had work  come and bring sam and other peeps :) justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 210 im still out lool  if i make it home in one piece, then its been a decent day :) I'm so tired I just want to go to bed, but if go to bed then that bugger is gonna come too The Sandman should yank him off the stage Nobody told me there was such a thing as TMI on twitter RT  Fuuuuckk Chris staat op #2 me no likey I need to go shop but iv got a HUGE bag..  BOO! Shalitta at work wit her foot on the toilet taking naked pictures awe man well last night i was trying to compose a tweet, but i couldnt figure it out. It sucked OMG, u r too kind, lady! Hv a nice day in  fuckin CALI!!! I hv loads of snow instead RT  I want to go home  "where r u? I wanted to go to the moviessss tonight Hahaha I want you in my bed miss you so much  xxxxxxx The train was so packed today my bag was immovable the whole journey hated it RT  NEE! Chris op 2!!! The black lady at the post office is mean “  that song makes me sad lol” win me a #BBK snapback I went ibiza with u man help me I miss Sam so bad right now  I can't wait until I get back home What is life now?  " Tomiiwaa_I I tired to watch VD :'( but it wouldn't even open..." yeah it really would! i know, no idea where i would go though, and i have no money saved up to go travelling :-( xx Shit now I'm having an implant funeral for my cat bye bye :-( :-( So on my AP psych and Algebra 2 exams i got 50's on smh, i wish i couldve gotten 10% moreee ! eee we did! i keep trying to make it my icon but its not working  yep i have &lt;3 Ummm...I can't fucking sleep...Meds don't work...  Well, I've talked to my new amazing friend today, so I'm happy as hell!! :) Missing mum , dad and  ..  is the best Coz he didn't travel with them XD Still no news on power coming back soon? ahhhh! I wish I could Oh gosh… haven't studied anything! My friend has a stomach ulcer RT   love that line! #iMissSWAC I'm glad u are happy. My TL makes me depressed! Everyone putting people down. Last I checked we were all HUMAN I'm so not beat to do this next load of laundry. Late night tonight RT  You're the reason why she wakes up every morning,does her hair, wears make up and looks nice just 4 u! You just never notice it! It's sooo yucky here RIP Etta James  she's the only legendary female singer that I've ever liked. "At Last" is still gonna be my wedding song! because I am No, but really. Why's she leaving though? oh you're talking about jlh ? . Nope : ( . I'm missing gym for nothing ! " If my dad didn't hate me already, he'll hate me now,," why?? yes! I miss them so much  #worldlovejonasbrothers 🌸😊❤ My throat is so swollen its like carrying around two golf balls! I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 4 no puedo darle retweet a tus tweets!! Come on this is stupid !!!  IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ALL MY FUCKING LIFE IT WOULD BE IMPOSSIBLE TO SAY CHILDISHLY "Nope!" Mines is starting 2  RT  I'm surprised my body has not shut down on me RTRTRTRTRTRTRTRTRT!!!!!RT  i miss you can't have jäger without me ecspecially aerobics me too hun  i hate it..&lt;3 xx nope :-( RT   stomach after taking a beating from Alex  #bj PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE... Follow me. I eat at your resturaunt everyday!! Love it wen u tlk to ur bf's family yhen hin  #imisshim RT  Our wall is still up! Miss our room abbey we miss ur promoting Awww    (((Hugs))) Eating some Lorenzo's to eat my sorrows away afte passing the TLA and remembering that  is playing tonight. Waaaah im a fucken loner in da dark. and its cold I don't want anyone to go in big brother  wah I mean Have such a sore head!!!! Im sad that Im not going to see Diggy now, Like its his headline tour & im not going  i feel bad opposite for me!
My hair gets frizzy and greasy : (
I hate it!!! My side hurts  You know what makes you feel really old?  When you see buildings being torn down that are younger than you are.Time Square payment center Miss my blonde hair noo  Hate when your dad farts in the car but you dont want to put the window down cause its too cold i'm hungry, but there's no food cooked and i don't feel like moving. i wanna watch a movie...but have no one to watch with.
#stayinginbed OMG. hi bobbie. i miss you. only slightly though. can't use my condoms on anyone Yeah :/ RT   is that when youre leaving forsure  ! thats my birthday month though. after that party thingy  but i did loads of side quests &lt;3 thats what i'm dreading! haha, i wanna try and get into university, but most of my mates re goig college so, i'll be alone haha it's okay just breath. Btw I can't come tonight I can't wait to see you toooo :D I may have to skip showing you my room cos it's a total TIP  Shall we go round town? xxx I just wish I could see you tomorrow. way to sickk though  ughhh #hatethis Spent the week watching old law and order uk episodes...now I have to accept matt's death and get used to sam all over again  I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 3 Someone please bring me beer? Help a girl out " I'm so sad right now && no one even cares  that shits fucked up"I care:-) it is yeah, im doing all i can to keep a smile on my face but my heart is still hurting so that seems to take over  xx QUIEEEEEEEEEEEEN?????? NO ME HAS INVITADO RT  When my friends are sad , I am a most def comfort , but deep down ... I hurt when they hurt Aww  NHL center ice app is awesome..it's $119 for season can watch all games on your computer/phone! there is so much more i wish to know bout u bt its difficult to chat on here Haaaa played &gt; RT  You just gotta have some attention huh? RT    what about me? justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 209 ¡Agh! Se me pasó el unfollow de  a Russell. No vi a que hora sucedió. :-( damn that hurt...*walks away with head down* bye I Hate That I Can't Go To The Lock In  I Kinda Actually Wanted To Go ! Headachework tomorrow  least i dont have it next week im soooo looking forward to a bloody lie in! feb's pretty ok. Can do like mid feb if that's ok? Not too sure :/ I know but had work  come and bring sam and other peeps :) justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 210 im still out lool  if i make it home in one piece, then its been a decent day :) I'm so tired I just want to go to bed, but if go to bed then that bugger is gonna come too The Sandman should yank him off the stage Nobody told me there was such a thing as TMI on twitter RT  Fuuuuckk Chris staat op #2 me no likey I need to go shop but iv got a HUGE bag..  BOO! Shalitta at work wit her foot on the toilet taking naked pictures awe man well last night i was trying to compose a tweet, but i couldnt figure it out. It sucked OMG, u r too kind, lady! Hv a nice day in  fuckin CALI!!! I hv loads of snow instead RT  I want to go home  "where r u? I wanted to go to the moviessss tonight Hahaha I want you in my bed miss you so much  xxxxxxx The train was so packed today my bag was immovable the whole journey hated it RT  NEE! Chris op 2!!! The black lady at the post office is mean “  that song makes me sad lol” win me a #BBK snapback I went ibiza with u man help me I miss Sam so bad right now  I can't wait until I get back home What is life now?  " Tomiiwaa_I I tired to watch VD :'( but it wouldn't even open..." yeah it really would! i know, no idea where i would go though, and i have no money saved up to go travelling :-( xx Shit now I'm having an implant funeral for my cat bye bye :-( :-( So on my AP psych and Algebra 2 exams i got 50's on smh, i wish i couldve gotten 10% moreee ! eee we did! i keep trying to make it my icon but its not working  yep i have &lt;3 Ummm...I can't fucking sleep...Meds don't work...  Well, I've talked to my new amazing friend today, so I'm happy as hell!! :) Missing mum , dad and  ..  is the best Coz he didn't travel with them XD Still no news on power coming back soon? ahhhh! I wish I could Oh gosh… haven't studied anything! My friend has a stomach ulcer RT   love that line! #iMissSWAC I'm glad u are happy. My TL makes me depressed! Everyone putting people down. Last I checked we were all HUMAN I'm so not beat to do this next load of laundry. Late night tonight RT  You're the reason why she wakes up every morning,does her hair, wears make up and looks nice just 4 u! You just never notice it! It's sooo yucky here RIP Etta James  she's the only legendary female singer that I've ever liked. "At Last" is still gonna be my wedding song! because I am No, but really. Why's she leaving though? oh you're talking about jlh ? . Nope : ( . I'm missing gym for nothing ! " If my dad didn't hate me already, he'll hate me now,," why?? yes! I miss them so much  #worldlovejonasbrothers 🌸😊❤ My throat is so swollen its like carrying around two golf balls! I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 4 no puedo darle retweet a tus tweets!! Come on this is stupid !!!  IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ALL MY FUCKING LIFE IT WOULD BE IMPOSSIBLE TO SAY CHILDISHLY "Nope!" Mines is starting 2  RT  I'm surprised my body has not shut down on me RTRTRTRTRTRTRTRTRT!!!!!RT  i miss you can't have jäger without me ecspecially aerobics me too hun  i hate it..&lt;3 xx nope :-( RT   stomach after taking a beating from Alex  #bj PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE... Follow me. I eat at your resturaunt everyday!! Love it wen u tlk to ur bf's family yhen hin  #imisshim RT  Our wall is still up! Miss our room abbey we miss ur promoting Awww    (((Hugs))) Eating some Lorenzo's to eat my sorrows away afte passing the TLA and remembering that  is playing tonight. Waaaah im a fucken loner in da dark. and its cold I don't want anyone to go in big brother  wah I mean Have such a sore head!!!! Im sad that Im not going to see Diggy now, Like its his headline tour & im not going  i feel bad opposite for me!
My hair gets frizzy and greasy : (
I hate it!!! My side hurts  You know what makes you feel really old?  When you see buildings being torn down that are younger than you are.Time Square payment center Miss my blonde hair noo  Hate when your dad farts in the car but you dont want to put the window down cause its too cold i'm hungry, but there's no food cooked and i don't feel like moving. i wanna watch a movie...but have no one to watch with.
#stayinginbed OMG. hi bobbie. i miss you. only slightly though. can't use my condoms on anyone Yeah :/ RT   is that when youre leaving forsure  ! thats my birthday month though. after that party thingy  but i did loads of side quests &lt;3 thats what i'm dreading! haha, i wanna try and get into university, but most of my mates re goig college so, i'll be alone haha it's okay just breath. Btw I can't come tonight I can't wait to see you toooo :D I may have to skip showing you my room cos it's a total TIP  Shall we go round town? xxx I just wish I could see you tomorrow. way to sickk though  ughhh #hatethis Spent the week watching old law and order uk episodes...now I have to accept matt's death and get used to sam all over again  I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 3 Someone please bring me beer? Help a girl out " I'm so sad right now && no one even cares  that shits fucked up"I care:-) it is yeah, im doing all i can to keep a smile on my face but my heart is still hurting so that seems to take over  xx QUIEEEEEEEEEEEEN?????? NO ME HAS INVITADO RT  When my friends are sad , I am a most def comfort , but deep down ... I hurt when they hurt Aww  NHL center ice app is awesome..it's $119 for season can watch all games on your computer/phone! there is so much more i wish to know bout u bt its difficult to chat on here Haaaa played &gt; RT  You just gotta have some attention huh? RT    what about me? justin please notice your Arab beliebers we need you 
Believe Tour To Middle East 209 ¡Agh! Se me pasó el unfollow de  a Russell. No vi a que hora sucedió. :-( damn that hurt...*walks away with head down* bye I Hate That I Can't Go To The Lock In  I Kinda Actually Wanted To Go ! HeadacheI think youve been hiding from me Yees  RT  Please is this true? Is putlocker really gone? Preferring chatting over talking …  #OMFG I need help I don't want you to be pissed!! 8 Mile Is On And I Can't Watch It! This Sucks do you ever have the urge to bite someone's eyeballs or cheeks? i miss rq At last is going to be played at my wedding (whenever that is). She was amazing if only! I can never work out on Fridays because I get out of work at ten. :-( and I'm a night exerciser. :-) I don't like having favorite songs because I play them 1836459 times & then I don't wanna hear them anymore Already making flashcards  #IHateSchool havent heard from my best friend all day I'm crap @ mario kart  my brother is too good i am 12 just been offered a 6 week trial with portsmouth  and advice ?? rip megaupload work up to now :') I have no social life anymore I am in the airport terminal in Sydney. Going home to Melbourne yeah Ben Mitchell was a little kid doing tap dancing last time i looked.... i guess prison makes you get a new head Nop cuz I wanna stay home bouhhh  I aint gon have no weekend Felt a bit rough before they started, and the bass line mucked my stomach up and tipped me over the edge R.I.P Andy Whitfield Wow I have a massive headache teh interwebz my dear!! And no I'm not brill no texts from Larry bird today I thought she did I saw a 37 and my heart dropped then noticed that's how many total there are  I was like GAWWDDDDDD I can't sleep Gosh, that's so young, and you've spent all those years knowing too :-( Oohh lacuna coil is coming here. I aint goin Ill do anything And I can't find my eyeliner. Now I'm not gonna have any eyebrows parents home :-( been getting my dreams and reality mixed up so much recently RT  RT   I use a Blackberry!!!&gt;&gt; aw sorry Sorry   I'm excited to see you too!! Btw you kids need anything from wal mart? I have a problem, okay?!  &lt;3 my elbow feels bruised & it hurts so bad Omg tomorrow our flight will be delayed! Sad  RT   RT  We officially confirm the death of Channels Television reporter Enenche ... “  if I could of I would of”&lt;&lt;--  I've been hoping to get sent my invite, I've been waitlisted The neighbour just asked me to turn volume down  fuck'em!!
#TATW I hope yall know Dez finna leave campus RT  Nobody told me there was such a thing as TMI on twitter LOOOOOOL i miss those days RT  RT  Damn. I'm actually upset right now.  -- &lt;-- not high enough it won't let me load it They won't let us sit in the gym and watch the boys practice nee. That was THE best nap every aside from that dream yeah I wanted to subscribe but your link just sends me to apple's page for some reason na uh !d!dnt gt a txt 4rm u no pleease don't let justin marry selalaaaaaaa Thought the #Connacht match would be on #tg4 Man  drinking this last mountain dew. Idk what I'm gonna do without caffeine :/ Except for last year Aww  that's totally not fair :L I have been bad not been 2 the gym wed or Friday  need 2 go back!!!! we having a Temple Run tournament!! :) Wish you were here Tori PLEASE? RT Democracy Now: "U.S. Military #Suicides Hit New Record High in 2011; Violent sex-crimes by active-duty troops up 30%" Ugh, super sad now! I wana see my nephew and ONLY niece before they leave to NZ for good! lobster springs to mind. You put your aftersun on now, that looks painful  #vainputtingnearnakedpicturesofurselfontwitter lol I just ate an orange because I'm so bored! :-( I'd be ok with that :) I make a lot of technical tweets and haven't had a biotech spammer yet I know  all the few people I love has moved away. When u coming back to visit ginger.. mm yeah ;) i'm actually confused whether to go ginger or black. damn decisions. is it bad?  why??! Its sad looking at that empty bowl! I want some doubles I wanna go home I totally agree with you, I want to live with them ! Don't say that! i wanna snuggle tooo I miss my ex Wifey  I don't think she love me no more Chicago here we come!
But I'll miss my friends this weekend.. yeah!  i just need to wait a few hours! who's not helping my manager said she's gonna pimp me out lmao no pueedo  andaa mañana, fb chat true  RT “ on 2020 :) " Korean album on February , Japanese album on march ! Where is the English album ????"” I know  poor Stefan... It really hurt him when Elena told him about the kiss Its amazing!!RT  I can not wait to get home and watch  's video. My phone will not cooperate. Early night for me I thinks! Work at seven! Time for work  /sigh ive been trying to keep tabs on you both,  my phones been playing up so missed how you did. System fail, not system lack buy me some or sell me yours;) I was going to text you because I hadn't talked to you, and never congratulated you on State, but I don't have your # My last Friday / sleeping-in day before school starts on Monday  lol awww tell Famous Amos i said safe trip :) and when u cumin im starvvvinnnggg RT  That shit kray RT  Grounded for life!!!! Crashed my dads car :* RT" LMAO!!! Uju stop o!  RT   is in my house!!!! Whooopie!!! Now maxy has finally found dinner *adjust I booked off some days because of exams, and ended up not getting any shifts just babying, stepmunster Eating cereal wit no sugar :-( georgia!!! Tweet me!! I always ask for a reply  ! Xxx you know this is pointless justin will never follow me in a million years I want chocolate. Or ice cream (but it's too fucking cold) or something sweet. Or junk food. Please. Ah.I miss the old episodes of One Tree Hill with Peyton and Lucas :-( i want to make speculoos cookies but need cookie butter ahhhh why can't I find cookie butter I'm fine, I guess... I just don't feel that good  *frowns* thx for the link. seems to be limited to US businesses only though Photo: I really would see him in Paris,but I just can’t so, I’m sad so you can't come Sooo I was told Im a walking thirst trap. I don't want Road To love to be the next gaga single. I love gaga an all but I seriously can't stand that song Yo i miss u way more Tara  RT  i miss  and  coming to my house and talking shit My ankles are being nipped by a canine, wish it would go away Possibly teared a ligament in my ankle Even my mom never texts back  lol its in spanish!! I type ghetto cause it's easier x) Last night I was asleep at 7. Looks like I have a loooong night ahead  #sootired is my dream to met you, and sing with you, but this is very impossible because I'm a italian belieber My children are furious that my 'fix it' operation hasn't worked. They don't understand the concept of rehabilitation.. Little things :-( miss you too you couldn't let me enjoy our performer for even an hour? run it in some more The ultimate team servers don't work !! In the car going Homee It's Frezzeing And Tares Ice All Overr  lol I need a ride home, wahhhhhh same with artistticket I'm sorrrryyy! The markings on a cat can be so beautiful and he has... Wrinkles  he has a sweet face! But.. That's it &gt;.&lt; xx And I love Botchamania! ... but it got taken down All by myself So ima tweet all day  with my contagious ass. She did?!  RT  Etta James died today? Man. I would but i have no money to pay you I'm not gonna be home  I guess you could sit it on my porch lmao, or just txt me everything & I can fill out one for u sunday You're a drug, I'm the addict and I haven't consumed you in a minute i have no inspiration anymore, sorry iv been boring!   i cant homie, as much as i would love to, i cant. He must of either changed his twitter username or left Whaaaat is this??????  wooorst ever!! 4months on Monday, and we can't hang out this weekend Been having a nasty attitude all day !  hopfuly once I take this nap I be better ! you leftt me and I had lunch alone and now I'm going to bed alone sounds fun! I'm jealous! Aww, that's nice! :) Yeah I guess, but I hate it.  X x fuck he's fourth now that's the message coming across! Abuser! watching inbetweeners 2 scots in it 1s gay the other 1 a tramp Come on, don't feel bad about it.... Hopefully this Bubble Bath with my Vaseline Beads turn my  upside down :)... #Hmph you reply tweets while I'm in school  how am I supposed to get one?  Te amo. I know I am. Super jealous. Can't wait to go to lagos oh...drumrollzzzz you made me crave coffee and I think I just broke the expresso machine #majorfail  lol aaaw ! There was something i knew that you could take for earache.. But it's slipped out my mind :@ Miss listening to  .. My aunty don't appreciate rap music like I do #NewGirl is tooo good ! , its not on for long enough  , i &lt;3  aswell i live in Pinner! Oh, wish i'd seen this tweet earlier!  follow back? I voted for you & jay loads of times in BB, best couple! :D chelsie! Uk?bin tryna cum c u 4 tym ya sistas long! N nope went n lil shit wuldnt open its legs  so gta try agen 8th feb lol x Neee we just had seafood aribiatta with linguine and I've a glass of vino on the go yes, but its not ebi ebi :-( that's sooo rudeee! asshole. I want to marry a Tunisian man just watched the criminal kinds episode with you as a rapist. This makes me a sad panda I hate it when I'm looking for a fuck to give and I can't find it Headache I wish! Why does Dubai have to be on the other side of the world aw me too.. Hated arguing with you earlier First friday off since september, to bad it's gonna be spent on school work Jenny! I miss you. My condolences to you both on Etta James WTF!  Omg my hair feels so short now , but i only cut an inch off no! Natural skin is prettier. You're going to ruin yourself and get skin cancer. Rambo smashed my hands :-( maybe if you go for dinner we will see each other :) I miss you too RT  i want the raptors so bad I really hate this weather Someone come visit me at claires tonight  #ihatework miss you too  &lt;/3 I dont like this tweetcaster 9 more followers?  RT? I follow back I'm getting dead good at it, I was beyond crap like the other day:L my hand is like numb  what score you on now? I hate you? You hate me !! What the fuck "look, it's upside down." "yeah it's dying." D: WHAT!?! poor fish 2nd London show please! Only just found out about this #oomf got me missing my baby!!!!! Awww  Credit check on MY FUTURE iPhone 4s is taking long RT ? 0 viewers I just need my meds... Aching after my #bootcamp sech thismorning!  this better be working! X Haha, know that feeling! How gay is that! I miss my miss jennings! I completely forgot about tuesday aswell  xx my fingers hurt already *facepalm* My cruise gets BACK on the last day of Stitches West, not the day before. No  or  for me next month. RT     Yes, do you remember Silverstone last season? I feel that it might happen again..FIA is like this :-( I know  its a mean, mean trick! Don't be like that  we areeee I promise you we are. ctfu not this weekend  lmfao your gonna have to comfort callum i just kicked his arse at fifa RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying Still lightweight irritated and its raining jus wanna be held in babes arms tight , imiss him Crappy Network All Of A Sudden okkkkkk, I've put this off for too long...let's get to this homework... Karaoke postponed due to snow. Awww I'm sorry  I will have a wonderful time for us both! My thoughts go out to Junsu and his family.  #prayforJunsu i want my red hair backkk  #schoooolrules why not Ferrari?  Although the Lotus was much prettier back then. Stuck on the London underground and not able to make my show tonight  Really sorry guys! Good luck tonight  Wish I could be there my favourite bras ever were from there, i wish they'd have given notice and had a huge sale but they've just gone me either l2ms. Wrong aunt. But I do miss ikr  we didn't get on bus today! JADEN FOLLOW ME PLEASE  2 okay, yeah theyre so messed up  are you getting the bus that comes to me at 11:50? RT  #ThingsICantStand doing the dishes. I have a cold now  no fun dreading the two weeks after the 25th SO HUNGRY! no ones home!  #help Me and dad reminising times with benji. Had so many memories with him!! Was the best dog ever! #ripbenji  xxxxxxxx this feeling sucks ahh, i hate math Wheeee *cries* RT   sawryy i've eaten a massive chocolate bar, ten tons of biscuits and had sausages and bacon for dinner #ohdear One of these kids drives a red charger...makes me miss driving the escalade up here yeah true! Jst gta spend more money  lol aww! This ur last wkend workin all wkend? Nuffin much soo poor  xxx WHAT?! howwww Face full of horrible itchy spots!!! Feel like sobbing my heart out... Never had so many spots in all my life vile!  MOOD wheres my stoaky boy at ? #iheardat ! RT  Sooo I was told Im a walking thirst trap. wahhh i know..it makes me sad  #sadtweet Awe , my little 9 year old brothers gf cheated on him and hes so upset It's always ON MY MIND because it's my ANGEL i know girl he's WHAT YOU WANT and probably he doesn't RT his CRAZY BUT TRUE Every five minutes or so my brain resets and I tell Clarissa how pretty the snow looks outside. I think she's about to Donner Party me. this is round the corner from my house and im not there  ( live on RT  I want a Iphone4S. Omgg !! Are you seriouse  !! I would call you !! I'm worried have no money on my phone  xx im so damn hungry....im about to microwave me a snickers! I wish I could go to a sushi bar :-( I guess I have to turn my phone off Why don't he leave me alone but those kids must be so scared #Bahrain aw Liz I'm gonna miss y'all too  have so much fun and be safe!! Keep me updated Wish I was  lol RT  welp.. i'll be prepared at 4:20!! No dinner as the oven and microwave are broken! Alaa that was so sad I actually shook my head #mySUPERWISH .. You I'll let you off if i get it tonight! :-(  I know Thanks Love.!! I'm finna try it right now..s.n Imy,wish you was here for my get together the first time the bird was just knocked unconscious & got up later but I think this one's dead   &lt;/3 Our Web server is broken.... :-( working on it. I'm hungry but dirty is sleep Nah it's only for fucktards ;D jks :P LIAR! totes trying to make me feel better  haha! me 2 i think it would make me feel better. but i have no money Wait, DC Chinatown.. not New York yeh I'm confident your gonna get it ya know. Fingers crossed on Monday for ya. I'm all good thankies, skint so can't go out :-( xx ah poor little guy  hope he gets better soon! yeah in need of a new one, going to take me ages to pay off though!  x NO DONT DISLIKE MEEEEE, i have something to do bokraaaa, im trying to head down tomorrow night though if theres a way RT   LIAM FOLLOWED U , lucky So I have this horrible headache right now You a tweeting thirst trap RT  Sooo I was told Im a walking thirst trap. the Internet censorship law didn't pass! YES! But they still took down MegaUpload I miss Mr.JL  &wish he could come home! They'll be free soon ;) Until then we need to focus on ourselves deary! #FML anyway ;p Omg me too! Glazin raisin  RT  I would do anything for a bagel or Auntie Anne's pretzel right now Not that interesting, i don't have cute stories like you #MrCelebUK i missed meeting them by an hour  a phonecall would make my whole year!xxx 487 Blah this sucks!
I want this headache to go away 
#FTS Is it really cancelled?? bah, just remembered agreed to meet up with my aunt on wednesday... had it in my head it was thursday - sorry he didn't texted me back -.- My nigga is busy calling, telling me how much he's having. Ah mara, I can't go party. Got a test to write tomorrow :-( teeeż tak mam  jestem z tb duchem xd Our Web server is broken.... :-( working on it. Don't know what to do omggg used my 100th tweet on Ben when I tweeted that article  I wanted  to have it!!!!!!! #sadtimes xxxxx I need a true bf  
#teamsingle I'll be alone like for the next 4 hours.  #SOSAD you're making me cry! i always loose my makeup bag I did warn u, made me sad :-( RT  remembering my dream from last night, smiling like an idiot. if only it would come true no  waiting for a bus! Why can't you drive? omg same, this week i've had 2 chinese buffets and today i had kfc AND chippy im so obese said hes gonna phone a few fans ina bit bit but ive just realized it aint going to be me :/  x I just saw  & I didn't tell him happy birthday( aww  well, we're halfway through the year & you could always visit your friends..did u ask ur parents if u cud go back? RT  RT  Some made it into the new year only to be bombed after 20 days. Almighty please save Nigeria. please help me get the old twitter back the new one I don;t know how to use Follow me Follow me, you do not know I exist   35 its hard seeing your mom at school i wrapped my sandwich in a napkin...then when i took a bite i got some of the napkin in it that's actually not all bad. It's like 199 in Canada though? Sadly I don't have a credit card to pay for it. oh my God I just saw this! I'm gutted, I would have got you two vodkas! her and arty?  yeah. But emma and will! :D When you will jus be escaping from monkeys RT  I miss him  &lt;/3 Imagine my kid sista dissing me  " Ur jst mean :| RT  Cc  " #MentionTo your friend who Por lo de Andrea.. I'm trying to dm you but it won't let me  do you know why?? haha brother is taking over my twitter, turned into a 'shleg'way gross. I'm at lunch too. I better have passed my spanish test or I'm gonna be sad RT  I want a Iphone4S. that's the one thing I did today  I went to the rec instead of class lol . Let's go tomorrow Lmaoo! Sack of potatoes? RT" The way my dad loves my sister ehn ! Me I just feel like a sack of potatoes  Cc: Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 165 where have you beeeeen!?????? I'm so hungry  but nothing sounds good  help me!!!! I think I have a sinus infection.... Im sorry bae :/  QT  Yuh huhh RT  No I wasnt bae  QT  My girlfriend was bein mean today tho :/ Hate that I have work early all weekend ! So bored  x I miss my baby  . i hope i wont die 2nite cos my heart hurts too much all day long fuckkkkkkk yup  ultraviolet luminance. we're gonna look a reet pair at the next gig xD I forgot my scarf at home your disappointing me Kushunn So I bit the back of my tongue yesterday, and this junk hurt. I wonder where  is. Her class ended at 11am cravingggg a strawberry marg! withdrawls from  and the Crowell gang tradition for fridays RT  RT  R.I.P Enenche of Channels TV :'( #KanoBomb he interviewed me about our 1st protest at ... I Needa Get Tf Out Dis Houseee.... #BoredumKillsssssss RIP Megaupload So I could've had my TOMS today but no one was home so they're coming back monday  #mur Love catching up on all of our shows with  I'm missing hanging with    #revengeismyfavoriteshow I did not get my big Texas today tho. I'm not nearly dexterous enough. just had my first beer in about 3 weeks!! curses to that bloody ear infection!! i couldnt have had that with all them meds i was on! lol RT  I'm so sick of being lonely everynight while my man goes out with his homies its gonna be great watching the footy highlights on the BBC website...ooooh   #flashplayer #geek no parece viernes Aaah! Lost two followers! I was so close to three digits.. RT   R.i.P Hussien Taha  R.i.P My Brother  
El Magd lel Shohada2 .. W El Magd le Shohada2 el Ultras .. Wish I had a bearhat  Lol u see my tweet ?! Please Follow Me ! IT'S MY DREAM ! i love you so much !! Please notice me  6 TYGER, I COME TO FD EVERY WEEK AND YOU STILL DON'T FOLLOW ME...PRETTY GUTTING  XX!!! Hot Chics R So Unlucky,Boys Chyking Em Is Cool @ 1st BUT When Its Erryday By Erry Goon...ITZ LYK PAPPARAZZI Followin pitbulls & parolees makes me cry  but its such a good show! whyy you lovee me Still havent seen glee yet RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  R-T if u followed! :)x no one wants to talk to me today *gasp* what is that supposed to mean?? ........... I Want A Younger Sibling Bad Bad Baaad. But I Wouldn't Want Them To Grow! I Would Want Them To Stay 4 Or 5 Forevsss i miss my GB I miss my friends  carol & darby really don't cut it... Sooo happy I got to see my bro on Skype today but I miss him soo freakin much went to tha gym wiffout me talk to your friend maks BAD , BAD day for me I'm not adored! :-( x RT  Wow. Cc  " Several people reported killed in attacks in Kano, northern #Nigeria Awww..I wish..i played bass guitar in a club band when I was in collegemmages ago! can't get big blue my momma here na   awkward On a road trip back to Sydney .. Goodbye Queensland :-( so sad we could of gone and camp there  &lt;/3 :-( My stories are strange! Normally involving dwarves I THOUGHT I WAS SO EMO BACK THEN I WAS LIKE 12 missing you too.  let's go knock a post down. #lightsoff hope everyone has a lovely day. ill be doing homework  &lt;3 I always don't feel good on the weekends. I can't see it :/ I don't even have time to take a nap. RT   agreed! RT  I wish I was a condom so black guys would stop using me arw Robyn was sick! and now she's upset! aww think though :-(  WELL YOUR MY FAV LOL autographs doesnt work. have tried b4  never got it. u kidding?! But the spoilers said that And now? RT   Goodnight RT  That looks sore. Can't you take it off?  Oh, it's your face. On route home from the swans  such an awesome couple of days! #boringcardiff RT   I miss you so much , we drifted apart  idk why I let it happen the roads are pretty bad. I have a Rover but they're still not clean. I'd skip if I were you awww  just love who you are!  I think you've made a mistake. Gaga wasn't below your tweet but I'm hungry and I need someone to take care of me u kno my charger fucked up so i was tryna fix it in tha shit juss broke now i dnt have a phn  u ok thoe u see my tweet ?! Please Follow Me ! IT'S MY DREAM ! i love you so much !! Please notice me  5 TYGER, I COME TO FD EVERY WEEK AND YOU STILL DON'T FOLLOW ME...PRETTY GUTTING  XX! my head hurts soo badd dawgg  ache or if something is going on up there Adesuwa made me change my avi 2 dis pic! I hate dis pic!! I tld popz,i want Mcdonaldz!!! :-( ........7 urm for A-level I do History, Maths, English lit, Economics  History rules!! eurgh, I suck at art so bad :/ x Whaaaaaaat it's only 9pm... but I've been sleeping for hours I get picked on for being small im in trouble Being ill sucks can barely walk without being out of breath me faltan 500 que shitt i won't believe "touch" exist until i hear, but i can't find it anywhere OMG I HAVE OREOS AND I'VE JUST REMEMBERED THE NEGATIVE CONNOTATIONS i hate plastic tongue rings! too bad the metal one's aren't good for your teeth I wish  would notice me I really do badly wish so  #BELIEBERSADOREKIDRAUHL obv. Work on my birthday  its ok gotta make my money what's the score?? Can't get to watch it! Ughhhh starting to feel even worseJá tô megatriste porque não vai ter o show em BH  #PopLineDayOff RT   sumiiiu RIP  RT  We officially confirm the death of Channels Television reporter Enenche Akogwu in the ... I'll try.. (gotta wrk thou) wait, i thought we were getting 1 inch of snow tonight? when did all this 'winter weather advisory dont park on the street' crap happen  Fuck I forgot I got another class did i reply you? my phone flat the entire time, so siannnn.  Ice Channel Is Down thats not nice!!  they cant flatten my pup! hes only ickle!!! lol x oh no...I just realized that we have to wait two weeks for the next TVD episode  Miss you guys  RT  Our group is back together 😊 for the day haha i miss homeroom too!  i wanna go visit sometimeeee Friday. 9pm. Law & Order: UK! :) :) #stillmissthebamberthough! Can I come and visit “ Unpacking  suite all to my self .... this is sad” Fuck you cramps RT  Haha,  giet thee in der shirtt! &lt; Foutje but it´s easy for you & this is the main, right? oh, someone #helpme please I need some Lammy in my system FU josh in not Denise in not old and wrinkly and you say I'm mean I don't know what I did...woke up after sleeping four hours and was in pain. I'm at the chiropractors right now I thought I owed 600$ but I owe 1200$ ... I really need to stop getting traffic tickets ughhhhhhhh!!!!! - Not In The Mood To Do Anything . Ugh Blackberry.. it doesn't say that though  iv tried backing it to the comp and everything. #confused Sad that me and    didn't have a tweet fest.. It was horrible! Downside of a servicemans wife??? Soon as they're home they're off again...3 weeks left until he's off again Going to get food all by myself cuz princessa left me RT   porque  ? aw I would have but I'm on holidays  is it your birthday today?! My shit about to go dead  #nannnnn I can barely breathe This sucksss yey and aww, im worried now!!  and no problem, he could never be ANYONES bitch! ..i was just imagining some random soppy moment, in a frickin english lesson :| :$.. lord help me marge  o_O 16:00 Animal got denied because he was to fat I have ppl, jersey shore, glee and one tree hill ... how'd ye think i feel well, ok... my fault  maybe later then I awa cook early so i can get my cleaning done.. the boo works all night tonight I no I miss you too! Mikes been away for work all the time do he's never home  Why can't I afford an apple computer    @ Apple Store Legacy Place Just finished explorers, foot still hurts :-( Hate when ppl eat in front of me, makes me hungry Ugh I absolutely hate throwing up Please follow me s i just panicked HARD cuz i couldnt find lola! Can you sum up a year of your life into one song??  For 2010, mine would be Somebody Else's Guy by Jocelyn Brown.  #MyYearInOneSong I cant believe  might be out for the rest of the season #IWillMissYou  #LoveYa God I miss my friends... I would love to major in nutrition! But they don't have it as a major or a minor RT  Heat hates our house  it always leaves to go outside!! #cold okay... OMG you have got me in tears  really hope Becky goes to her prince and gets a happy ending xxx I miss him already Cant find it on sky :-( is it blackout?! I feel so responsible for my stupidity. Sorry guys Damn my phone already dead ughhh ima be by myself RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much I don't think so  i had plans but we'll see! Im so sad,Ive checked everyday to see if theres any tickets fr  in Dublin next week,but there never are  I want 2 go so much! you will be missed :-( Headache  Can't you be nice for once!! :-( I'm good tryna get a job  cnt find 1 !!! I aint spoiled anymore by y momma !! Lol thaaaanks &lt;3 and lucky :'( people #ThingICantStand When u perents want let u spin time wit u bf but they can spin time wit there bf or gf I feel so sad my face isn't any better :-( Why cant this snow storm happen on sunday or monday. .why saturday :-( I'm going to be lonley  what if they don't like weird people? it's disgusting!!! please come to the uk soon oh wow..u better get it asap..i have rotator cuff tendonitis..praying i dont need surgery..but this lump tells me otherwise “ I&#39;ll miss u mimi   :"( We love u”
Thnx mari&lt;3 idk y i got banned though haha thought I had a free ticket then! :-( I'm so mad at myself right now even tho it's nothing big , I need my fucken case !!!!! I have a headache.   but I don't know if its from not eating, not sleeping, being drunk last night or cryin. Probably a bad combo of all 4 no me quiero enfermar mas maxou im always there for you &lt;33 i love you dont cry Good Byes are my weaknesses dang never mind. There is no game u see my tweet ?! Please Follow Me ! IT'S MY DREAM ! i love you so much !! Please notice me  IM FROM POLAND ! loads of stuff babe luiz suarez can't get a work permit... god damn you football manager I kno I wish I could go you still haven't added me!  X #GoodNight ! ♡ #TEAMFOLLOWBACK I get no morning love lucky for some!!! Mrs.cobb made me sit by myself cos I "talk too much" nooo Okay I REALLY want to go out Aww, don't be mad  I stole these back from  for ya as a peace offering! Its really depressing that someone that used tweet me never tweets me anymore.  What have i done? : ( phoebes taking up over half of the bed, so I'm hanging off the edgesoon isnt good enoughhhh.  love you tooo! it's going to be okay!! be happy you had a nice walk and pretend that going to the office just slipped your mind today!! ^^ Lmfaoooo stop I got rhythm  "  you dance like a drunk white girl tho lolololol" RT  I really miss volleyball & my team! 
#sadtweet Too much work RT  If this 18-month-old girl picture gets 10000 #ReTweet her heart transplant Is free....please share & #ReTweet! Nooooo, when everyone will be trending for Ed I'm probably in the filming of something  o well if it goes all evening I can join in (y)  Going to have a hot bath in the hope that it cures my incredibly aching legs I'm sorry too.! Arghhh. Work in the morning I have such a headache Tonight's classes are canceled I wish I had two big brothers! i know omg asfhash im trying but its sold out :-( you? RT   I want a boyfriend so i can spoil him “ We officially confirm the death of Channels Television reporter Enenche Akogwu in the #Kano explosion. He was 31 years old Ok "i still", please upload  ( jaden you never see me  please follow me, i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me :) #Jadenators 4ever Ahh I have some fat bruise on my leg from my accident earlier  :'( #ThingsICantStand when my nail polish chips Been looking for my ipod headphones for about an hour then relised I gave them to aww tell her eh.. She's just doing you "hard to get" na if  tweeted me or even acknowledged my existence i think i'd be so so so happy :) :) :) &lt;3 &lt;3 but it probably wont happen nothing. Being lazy. I gotta work tonight  what you doing RT  Work today so don't wanna go My iPhone has a small crack in the case. This has made me sad RT  i. have. a. headache. My stinkkkkk said I sound fat IDK But I think Tracy really loves him bad for her won't say a word... dr north scares me awwhh  Don't they know your like the BESTEST person in the world :D Reviens sur skyyyyype  ( live on get my check tomorrow then going to start a new tanning membership at a new place since the one i went to shut down...#boo RT   where's the NaNaNii in #RockStar forreall ? its windy & rainy! Mann I'm sawdy everybody goin to Kent w/ out me doe..its cool I was gonna ask if you wanted to Skype later, but you have school. Missing your tweets. yeah I know I haven't started yet  x They never let me out of my cage.  yeah, I saw her tweet someone that, but I have college  needs to be in the holidays or something! yeah, we shall SD &lt;3 &lt;3 we got curfew Aww.  I'm sure you can visit her sometime. Does she like it here? 
GET HERE ALREADY!! Hahaha My arms freaking hurt ,  i hate shots . Fuck I wish I could just pack now and jump on a flight... I so would So The Game Is Canceled I wanted To Cheer RT  most perfect couple :-( Yeah, no-one look at my EA Sports feed for a while. Embarrassing 2-6 defeat on there I want one... if only they weren't so prickly RT  #endslavery as I go to sleep with a very heavy heart  I aint eating (cont) omg me!! But I work Since when? RT  My Granma  RT  Who died again :s sowie oya suck breast :)  Dammi  RT" *dies* ur foolish...smh  Sarcastic?? Ur dating sakar?? :o RT You don't know that i exist!  2  Chilling at gateway  so bored I was just looking out for you mi hijo want a cuddle &lt; Im sorrrryyyy ! ! I forgot  You shoulda called me you know i have ADD I hate that I'm so tender headed on my way to get a new phone. im way too attached to my blackberry #sadtweet i no  it was so hard to do aswell, now i have to do it again :'( someone ruined it for me already I'm actually mad that somebody hit the bus...I really wanted to go to the mall on a weight-loss program, boys. 2080 calories per day... no more big beers RT  Manage it RT  Kmt dead RT  Sorry Birthday Cake Only RT (cont) RT  Work is definetly not the thing I wanted to do on a Saturday morning JADEN FOLLOW ME PLEASE  4 awww me too! I used to watch it loads but now I don't have sky u see my tweet ?! Please Follow Me ! IT'S MY DREAM ! i love you so much !! Please notice me  PLEASE ! Mexico sucks, i wont see any chocolate men about 3:30 i stole the lucky charms out of my moms room last night when she was sleep and now i cant have anymore I went back and looked , I hate when I see accidents  I feel so bad  but I also thank God it wasn't me i wish you were here too :-( but...tomorrow :3 &lt;3 RT   so they won't care...  doesn't talk to me anymore..  I'm gonna go kill myself.. RT  RT  U remember today marks 1yr now since Copper Cat died :'(  :'( R.I.P Demar (cont) You're mean.  You're allowed to eat ice cream in the middle of the winter? I feel like a nerd. batterys dead its on charge love yeah it went good :D Thought it would be worse!! Haha. Feel like I havent seen you guys properly in ages  hope your all good!x I replied jor"  still waiting  for the dm ;;)" oh no I thought u meant night can't do morn  x aw! thats so sweet, thank you! I totally needed one! worst day of my week H8 U &lt;/3  ;) RT   #wow so #rare! Got such a bad cold Ergh wish everyone would shut up about going on holiday this year when I'm probs going nowhere. Again  #sadtimes When I Now Im Depressed : ( Was that the last chapter of Shadow Zone? Nobodies following me nowadays  #sadtimes. he's not really funny :-( xxx Dont feel all the way good! my bed is so cold Ashley's not I wish I could ask what was wrong but I don't speak asshole! :-( well come on tomorrow then yea? of course RIP Enenche Akogwu - Channels Tv reporter who died in #kano bomb explosion, May Allah grant Him Jannah. :-( No can do, only got a tenner, looks like I'm spending this Friday night in It's always ON MY MIND because it's my ANGEL i know girl he's WHAT YOU WANT and probably he doesn't RT his CRAZY BUT TRUE  4 i know:D so happy it came back on last week, but it's the last series  x hell yea wen I come home we gotta smoke together! Imy sis I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 12 Anyone in Grad school? Or gotten recommendation letters from their Prof? I have questionnnssss  #Help #YorkU #GradSchool Thomas just blew out his candles. I pray that the smoke alarm doesn't go off and some sprinklers appear out of no where and wet us all. you notice me?  that is what I most look forward in life, thank you for being the best idol that one fan can have, TE AMO RT  So my car engine messed up outta nowhere..😔 &lt;&lt; omg mines did too RT      omgeee, we do! I miss ya'll Why is life soooo hard I wanted to know what they were talking. HAHA But they didn't put subtitles in the german dialogue Wish I could go to  but it's too far. ugh thats what's happening to mine & I had to take it to apple. they're replacing it. my service wont work either please could you follow me? I have been tryin' so hard, but still i don't get any follow  I Love you !!4 I like it olot, but I love my space invaders bag facebook,twitter msn..tudo chato já come overr.. Oh wait, your car probably would die I wanna be next to you that's tomorrows excitement down the drain Ugh why do I feel sick? Feel like death this morning. Don't want to go to work!! no I was in my own car... could have been a whole lot worse, my car is damaged too Nails took to long and I missed my chance to see him before practice Mi WhatsApp no sirve RT  I would loveeeee to go to Abu Dhabi or Bora Bora for my birthday holiday this year Follow me please Jaden RT  I want a boyfriend so i can spoil him Hes home #enuffsaid lolRT   I miss my nephew home work is soooooooo boring!!  but football in the morning that should be good :) xx I'm freezing Hasn't smiled today, rr  #headfucked I love the video of "we found love" reminds me of my ex boyfriend &lt;3 hey boss! You didn't say bye to me  &lt;/3 thanks hun  xxx ill try, and im going to my dads later tonight.  and i have a lot of homework too but i have a wrestling meet tomorrow too Love having naps buh always regret havin them at 9 Raina, but i somehow feel there is a problem I really wanted to see  tonight RT   Tu m'as manquée omg !  ♥ There's something wrong with my dog but idk what  she's been acting so weird and threw up did you manage to seduce him? and skint at the moment #BecauseOfYou i dont even know I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 11 He said that I need to stop running to him about every fiddle faddle, and banned me from the workshop o sorry  1 more question have u Eva met a fan u really liked ok...when is ur flight?  I'm hearing snow forecast.  :-( don't make me feel bad for unfollowing you... mate I fell off on Tuesday aka you wont I'm so tired, but I don't want to take a nap because I know I won't wake up until tomorrow :-( not even funny.. have you seen my message on the moodle? Couldnt face telling them in person :/ lucky you! Wish I done that or said I'd help Friday or sat day!  haha xxx omg your never gunna follow me :'( never get noticed  please follow me back ? &lt;3&lt;3 Gotta flat  RT  4rm what? RT  Somebody come save me!!!!!!!! i miss youuuu wayed Suppose to surpress ure appetite nd cleanse the body can't eat solids tho haha I know, but I'm stuck with T-mobile  Trying to find an alternative to my freezing blackberry and I'm not a fan of android RT   dr north scares me you're quitting!?! I'm confused with all that high school application stuff I was watching it till copule of minutes ago. I've seen it earlier plus it's German I don't quiet get it Completely and totally sold out --- this is the last day too.  :-( makingg aa NOTHER Website , lostt the passWORD To the other onee : ( #Hope We won! SOPA N PIPA have been dropped! Now time to get ready for work NO YOU'VE NOT ITS IN MY SACK RT  All by myself I just bought bifocals!  The war is over I'm officially old. gosh RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) im soooooo ass in temple run my first flight exp to Hawaii was alright, just now I get scared everytime ohh never came to Lebanon  I hope he will for the #believetour ! #neversaynever #LebanonWantsBieber &lt;3 what's happened? sorry i didn't reply this morn babez, i'll meet you out of work at 3 tomorrow, i've not got much money tho  &lt;3 :-( RT  Not having friends has the same life expectancy effect as smoking 15 cigarettes a day! --&gt; You don't know that i exist!  10 I dont got no boo   &lt;*CUPCAKES*&gt; I don't have an iphone i wish i didnt have too call her my ex the lead singer has back problems apparently my mum said i wanna eat my rainbow sherbet but i'm too cold  #whycantiwarmup RT  Where have you been all my life?  #yourehot! RT  How can you live without  I mis you too!!! Fuck.. nevermind I'm not feeling better Off work..home bout to chill by myself :-( If someone read my future they would just start singing u & ur hand. I'm destined to be single for along time still I'm feeling a bit emotional tonight Ouch. Just burnt myself :-( And my niqqa  is out grooving  please could you follow me? I have been tryin' so hard, but still i don't get any follow  I Love you !!3 GO YOU!!! I need help Oeps he did it again, you just being gorgeous and Belgium just having no one like you :-( #fml hey I saw u at school wednesday but u didn't see me  😭😢 I'm like this every day! I miss you too!no dude .. Ugh idk what I'm going to do lol Thanks for leaving me RT  youre not joh, you're... *thinking* RT daisychic3012:  RT  damn she ughly RT  RT  The neighbour just asked me to turn volume down  fuck'em!!#TATW &lt;--lol Jessica's goin back to Switzerland why did Burger King have to change their fries Yea Me to  I would be very sad! What's the latest in the SOPA protests and hacks,   Ain't got my laptop for a while so struggling to find out news :-( RT  I can't get my schedule changed I'm on my way! Have got my own tissues! Might be a bit of a misery  #wlf #greebosblankie My phone didn't ring  RT   u didn't answer wen I called This is my last hour at GoodLife.   p.s. I hate InDesign. Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 172 Ok now for a bit of #CBB. Sounds like its been an exciting week. No Georgia though RT   Carly I'm sorry Bout to lay down. Not feeling good I saw one that has front closure somewhere. I can't remember where. :-(  I like my Old Navy one. so.freakin.bored. sounds like your having a rough week Sad moment when Katy Perry unfollows Russel Brand Goin to miss u on Corrie! Beckys my fave! Pulled out some cracking one liners in tonights episode ;) Sad2see you go RT  so no carter  roll on monday!!! the nxt 2 weeks gonna be lots of #carter yayy!!! xx Work at 7 tomorrow morning  #suckstobeme RT   where's the NaNaNii in #RockStar Sorry you're sick lady! I'm not sleepy any more. Should have left with them Yeah um, it didn't work. My iPhones stuck in verbose. please could you follow me? I have been tryin' so hard, but still i don't get any follow  I Love you !!10 im not mean to him Just came on twitter to discover that Etta James has passed on  #RestInPeaceEtta You will forever live on in our hearts ♥ I want Nicola to stay though hey beauty can you please say a simple "hey Beatrice" 4 me ? i love Victoria!  Gonna go home and nap. So much homework to do this weekend  And then I gotta find a way to get regularly paying money again. My tv is broke and the picture in black and white and new tv doesn't come till wednesday I want to keep napping Are we capping tickets at 40,000?  That thermometer thing on the TorontoFC website looks like it's almost full #WeCanPackItAll any update coming soon where we can add our own games on a secret way or something? i own all commander keens Anyone tew call me Polo fail. Shrunk in wash and NYE stains not vanished. Luckily I brought a spare, wait oh no I didnt Come back on the air please  #depressedtweet I need a pair of ripped jeans and I can't find them anywhere #ThingICantStand cold chips RT  But, but.. *sits down*  RT  Wa tella ne!! RT“ LoL RT  Mxm! RT  S/O to megwanthi ya Pretoria” iv been doin the wrong question i yeah  just woke up. Overlunch U Dnt Hv A Choice!:| RT  I wil stop   RT" Ohhhhh Uju Has Strted Frustrating Again! #TeamUjuMustBeCaged"" Shall I grow a beard or not ??? I fancy a change but can't really change my hair style no  lol she said she would call and never did Wah!I wish though! Ha remember when I cracked my ribs last year... Well I think I've upset them with my fall again "  :-( I got in-n-out"lol oh....go guy baby boy stuff:) lol hehe i know but only for an hour silly i'm goooood! How are you? Hows your toe?  xx " RIP to the legendary Etta James" I'm pretty sure I died with her  loved her &lt;3 RT   awwhh  Don't they know your like the BESTEST person in the world :D Lucky, you got a RT from R.I.P favorite hair clip ever You don't know that i exist!  19 I'll pray for you, Joey. i guess oomf still not tlkin to me Love u  I couldn't fit everyone on!!  Love you all :p you know that! #dontbejellbereem I have a lot going on so im staying with court for the weekend.  text me later! sounds painfull!! only 7 more days till #CBB ends Nope RT  MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEH. ONE DIRECTION SONGS ARE PLAYING EVERYWHERE I FUCKING LOOK. Oh, I know! I felt that way when my SIL returned a new copy of one of my books looking at least 50 years old. Feels SO ill...Again! Why do I have no immune system?  #tightonme I havent tlkd 2 her in a while... I should get on tht.. where are u? Not out in tht mess I hope Please unblock me  lololol No RT  "  my friends make fun of me cause you never RT me  help a girl out" she bullshittin you man don't do it lol ..on account of me being fat btw..not me being a slut I wish I could win the lottery. I'd like to be able to take care of my family and myself better i have work And just like that #TATW is over you love it really, by the way, done a complete search. no wallet. Aw Our bird died , I hated the thing but I'm actually a little sad... RT  Got the house to myself and I'm bored and alone not yet honey not found one that I've fallen in love with yet : ( x i forgot to tweet you  lol i had to finish a project.. Looossss :p RT  iis ! celiit ny kw adek  RT  Gak boleh :p RT Not possible! I love you way more! ♥ I'm so tireed! I wanna be a lame. dude I got strep. I mean im still here but I just don't wanna get anyone sick Ew for some biting my nails again..I stopped biting them a good 2 years ago ohhh really?  when I will spread the words then! :D thanks! Do you know if he is winning? Was craving a doughnut, so ate a mango but made my craving worse  #ineedadoughnut I couldn't find no tweet that was messed up lol  I want a gunsmoke cap like yours My back is sooo sore. Pray for my mom please Can we go back to the starttttt RT  Im sad that Im not going to see Diggy now, Like its his headline tour & im not going  i feel bad You don't know that i exist!  18 When I don't have school I wanna go : ) but when I'm in school I can't wait until its over_- Ha I miss MHS : ( , I do not.  sorry. RT  - Not In The Mood To Do Anything . Ugh Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 171Only a week left of #CBB nobody famous follows me  apart from Sam pepper but hes not really a celeb LOL sorry .. but if 5hr energy messed you up once, it'll probably get you every time Wooooow not even going to Philly anymore. Got postponed cuz of the snow Feel so useless and unloved sizzles stephadile  can't wait to see you !! I'm going to cry. this day needs to end it's the only way I can sleep at night though that lil bit of action please come see me I had a fantasy dream last night it was AWESOME until I woke up! :-( Sorry. I think I will be my 75 degrees here. :)   Booooo... lol its about 25 in NY :-( It's freezing cold  Somebody come cuddle ! WHY DOESN'T ENGLAND SELL NOTHING!!!!!!!! fml #glass splinter anyone care come looking at me?  im useless tonight #feels like shit RT  I have "friends" but noone to hang out wit  😞😞😞😞 i done made a mess :-( i'm scared you guise. i think my wisdom tooth is growing Your language is so UGLY... tweeted from the Android phone. Not the Apple iDevice.. no emojis here. Nap time over. But mega video was awesome my mommy... :-( #welldamn head an asthma attack ?? having practice at 4 and not being able to watch you play RIP    We officially confirm the death of Channls Television reporter Enenche Akogwu in d #Kano  explosion.He was 31 years old please could you follow me? I have been tryin' so hard, but still i don't get any follow  I Love you !!17 I Miss My Baby  lol Room101 not as good as original :-( So nervous about my interview at vesey next week no sound here either!! RT  I dunno why I look so forward to weekends anymore, I don't do anything apart from school work! :-( home with a sick little boy...strep and sinus fection!   nooo seriously? you know i am. I have a bruise on my middle finger where the scissors punched me yesterday good and not very good  and got to go to sandra singer tomorro Im bout to miss it :-( wah, I'll watch it tomorrow! really? &gt;_&gt; its like you dont even know me Aishah Mulla! Always the way.... *hugs* Please remember we aren't all like that. (I know it's hard to believe at times.) Sending lots of love & light your way. thanks! But gosh, it was pretty difficult Still waiting sorry buddy just got finished, pics headed your way. I wish you woulda been there  #lotsofpics haha and noooo I'll breakdown and cry if frankie leaves tonight! So cold Packed hw schedule this wk too lunch w/0 me I still aint got my spaghetti  and i really want it when carol cries I cry  that's my baby. I can't handle her crying.  omfgg. Sad news about Etta James RT  Worst Friday ever Omgeeeee my stomach is talking to meeeee...I must get to Outback ASAP :-( MY LOVEEEE FOLLOW ME!!! WAH im sorry i let you down I can't believe I'm missing out on table with olly murs and mark wright tonight  #fuckmylife !! alguém me deu UNFOLLOW Oh my gosh my back is horrible  in desperate need of a massage i miss my mommy lmfao! I should've done it! but then my eyes would look extra big you alright? Embarrassing situation happened to me earlier. Got my heel stuck in a drain walking down the street dad just said he'd disown me if i got some dr martens because they look like 'lesbian boots' I could never fit that much fruit into my life  You're a wee health freak :o x :-( signs of a cheater smh you always know how the kill the moment  lol thts jacked up was watching the LA Complex here in the U.S.A until SOPA/PIPA shut down  &gt;:-| its beautiful “ Me! Just drop me sum off RT  Or who live by Wing stop ? Imma swoop”noo oh let's just run away and get married, i have not  i will though! cutting my nails RT  RT  3 years today&lt;/3 I miss my grandma  rip nan love you for alwaysssss! ☹ « RIP &lt;3!!! Xoxo can't believe how fast time flies but it would seem weird and it would probably annoy him right...iwish he would txt me or at least tlk to me imiss him  icknt stop thinkin bout him I guess nobody missed Mr. Applez R.I.P. Cheetah  #sadtweet Man!!! Legs are dead and head hurts from this scratch! no kidding I KNOW  & I have 0 hr so I have to be at school by 635 everyday UGH haha. We're screwed 1 please could you follow me? I have been tryin' so hard, but still i don't get any follow  I Love you !!6 RT  jealous of lucinda duncan yet again, shes too gorgeous!!!! Lewis and Jenson at silverstone last year. Great weekend that! Miss F1 Dear summer, please come back to me I miss you  lol i sowwie , plus i havnt had a hug from you a LONG ass time ' sooo when we go back to school ? 7min Hug ' NOT PLAYIN Somebody please please please come over & fix my Xbox  all I want to do is watch HIMYM ah really?  lame. He tends to always put his mates on. I can pretty much guess who the support will be... Sonya !!! :) Sorry No Mic  ( live on In one of those depressing moods  #slowsongsplayingtonight I was too LOL , yeah ... :$ I want you to come ! All this talk of boozing is making me thirsty but I've not one drop of alcohol in the house #sadtimes I've given you time  x RT   he's not really funny :-( xxx ano imy attention span quite short with him haha #next #comedyclub xxx Final work shop  can't believe its almost done #YOUniverse unfortunately no that is not my handOnly a week left of #CBB nobody famous follows me  apart from Sam pepper but hes not really a celeb LOL sorry .. but if 5hr energy messed you up once, it'll probably get you every time Wooooow not even going to Philly anymore. Got postponed cuz of the snow Feel so useless and unloved sizzles stephadile  can't wait to see you !! I'm going to cry. this day needs to end it's the only way I can sleep at night though that lil bit of action please come see me I had a fantasy dream last night it was AWESOME until I woke up! :-( Sorry. I think I will be my 75 degrees here. :)   Booooo... lol its about 25 in NY :-( It's freezing cold  Somebody come cuddle ! WHY DOESN'T ENGLAND SELL NOTHING!!!!!!!! fml #glass splinter anyone care come looking at me?  im useless tonight #feels like shit RT  I have "friends" but noone to hang out wit  😞😞😞😞 i done made a mess :-( i'm scared you guise. i think my wisdom tooth is growing Your language is so UGLY... tweeted from the Android phone. Not the Apple iDevice.. no emojis here. Nap time over. But mega video was awesome my mommy... :-( #welldamn head an asthma attack ?? having practice at 4 and not being able to watch you play RIP    We officially confirm the death of Channls Television reporter Enenche Akogwu in d #Kano  explosion.He was 31 years old please could you follow me? I have been tryin' so hard, but still i don't get any follow  I Love you !!17 I Miss My Baby  lol Room101 not as good as original :-( So nervous about my interview at vesey next week no sound here either!! RT  I dunno why I look so forward to weekends anymore, I don't do anything apart from school work! :-( home with a sick little boy...strep and sinus fection!   nooo seriously? you know i am. I have a bruise on my middle finger where the scissors punched me yesterday good and not very good  and got to go to sandra singer tomorro Im bout to miss it :-( wah, I'll watch it tomorrow! really? &gt;_&gt; its like you dont even know me Aishah Mulla! Always the way.... *hugs* Please remember we aren't all like that. (I know it's hard to believe at times.) Sending lots of love & light your way. thanks! But gosh, it was pretty difficult Still waiting sorry buddy just got finished, pics headed your way. I wish you woulda been there  #lotsofpics haha and noooo I'll breakdown and cry if frankie leaves tonight! So cold Packed hw schedule this wk too lunch w/0 me I still aint got my spaghetti  and i really want it when carol cries I cry  that's my baby. I can't handle her crying.  omfgg. Sad news about Etta James RT  Worst Friday ever Omgeeeee my stomach is talking to meeeee...I must get to Outback ASAP :-( MY LOVEEEE FOLLOW ME!!! WAH im sorry i let you down I can't believe I'm missing out on table with olly murs and mark wright tonight  #fuckmylife !! alguém me deu UNFOLLOW Oh my gosh my back is horrible  in desperate need of a massage i miss my mommy lmfao! I should've done it! but then my eyes would look extra big you alright? Embarrassing situation happened to me earlier. Got my heel stuck in a drain walking down the street dad just said he'd disown me if i got some dr martens because they look like 'lesbian boots' I could never fit that much fruit into my life  You're a wee health freak :o x :-( signs of a cheater smh you always know how the kill the moment  lol thts jacked up was watching the LA Complex here in the U.S.A until SOPA/PIPA shut down  &gt;:-| its beautiful “ Me! Just drop me sum off RT  Or who live by Wing stop ? Imma swoop”noo oh let's just run away and get married, i have not  i will though! cutting my nails RT  RT  3 years today&lt;/3 I miss my grandma  rip nan love you for alwaysssss! ☹ « RIP &lt;3!!! Xoxo can't believe how fast time flies but it would seem weird and it would probably annoy him right...iwish he would txt me or at least tlk to me imiss him  icknt stop thinkin bout him I guess nobody missed Mr. Applez R.I.P. Cheetah  #sadtweet Man!!! Legs are dead and head hurts from this scratch! no kidding I KNOW  & I have 0 hr so I have to be at school by 635 everyday UGH haha. We're screwed 1 please could you follow me? I have been tryin' so hard, but still i don't get any follow  I Love you !!6 RT  jealous of lucinda duncan yet again, shes too gorgeous!!!! Lewis and Jenson at silverstone last year. Great weekend that! Miss F1 Dear summer, please come back to me I miss you  lol i sowwie , plus i havnt had a hug from you a LONG ass time ' sooo when we go back to school ? 7min Hug ' NOT PLAYIN Somebody please please please come over & fix my Xbox  all I want to do is watch HIMYM ah really?  lame. He tends to always put his mates on. I can pretty much guess who the support will be... Sonya !!! :) Sorry No Mic  ( live on In one of those depressing moods  #slowsongsplayingtonight I was too LOL , yeah ... :$ I want you to come ! All this talk of boozing is making me thirsty but I've not one drop of alcohol in the house #sadtimes I've given you time  x RT   he's not really funny :-( xxx ano imy attention span quite short with him haha #next #comedyclub xxx Final work shop  can't believe its almost done #YOUniverse unfortunately no that is not my handRT  Spring 2012 Katy Perry will be releasing new material. This is the last year we work together Anyone fancy coming with me to somewhere sunny, the rain and cold is boring now no bout planned....  but could poss do a weekend in the summer x Awww how cute! Nobody new follows me any more, I lose ppl... guess I'm stuck with you bunch o toe-rags! RT  it's so annoying how one direction songs/albums are released in britain before they're released here #ijustlovethem I can't afford to go #nappuvino I know, not looking forward to potty training no.2  Might have to persuade hubby that we need a no.3 ;) Haha when i first moved here I was like omg a zebra! but then my dreams were crushed, there was no zebra in preesall how the F will I get a signed copy if I live in Sweden and cannot order via   #gottahaveit  #ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin when people don't have any sense of personal hygiene Knew that was going to happen, parents come back just as cbb live eviction starts ah how you felt this morning trying to get up from the caf table. that's me cannot get up from my desk . Don't like that. Esperando en maiquetia RT  I want it to snow tonight ojaa omg , and my aunt aint bought no more for me  she only buy them for the girls ! Big time boak haha, actually sooo bored  x i dont know mum was trying to get through to your mum but couldnt Makes me lawl when ppl tweet about highschool, then sad cause I'm old RT  What Was Wrong With My RightLEG ?? It is IMPOSSIBLE to take a nap in this class jaden you never see me  please follow me, i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me :) #Jadenators 4ever - FINALLY SHEESH!!!!! and awww  stop! The house still isn't warming up This is the worse game I ever saw to Bayern ... Hmmmm.... i g2g now  xxxxxx &lt;3 I found Jamie from MIC on fb but it wouldn't let me add him  I DONT CARE IF ITS SAD HES THE BEST ONE oh lucky you  I wish I was going  have fun! hehe, gud luck if you do! man it's gunna be so bland i could cry, i love food too much for this shit RT  My thighs really hurt  ...I need a. Rub down I have never knowingly drunk more than a sip of beer. Last night there were many This sucks Crap, didn't see that other bubblegum RT. can we play cards 2 make it kind of like were in vegas? Its the best I'm gonna get RT  Needaaaaa new Twitcon I sure am, and no they aren't letting people in how's the weather? I'm cold :-( yeah , no , nvm im not goin to sleep . my house just got invaded by kids . Let's ignore the fact that I've been reading one line over and over again. Dis is the 2nd time i woke up from sleep.. He still have not reach home... Tats y Speaking of KOD my moms going tomoro Not feeling too good today! :-( Heheheheh :) It's GUCCi Hopefully We Don't Or We Don't Have School But At The Same Time I Hate Being The Fucking House it's brokeeen yea I guess.. Too much damage ah very good. Not exactly witnessing a Treat here no  not yet...where exactly do you live o your mean tonight !! No, I've tried & failed miserably at P90X twice last summer. I let life & work get in the way. I want to die. That's why I starve myself. awh  Dye it again!!!!! It looks nice ;D why do i always get hiccups when i eat bagels.. Not feeling too good already know I haven't won  I never do #sadface! Double eviction, no  #cbb. thanks :D but she is ignoring  or not seeing haha  #badtimes ooh  why not? how!? I missed it RT  I wish I could south dallas swag and all that fun stuff big bang theory is tha Bestttt!! I'm on the van tomorrow, what is this Gutted.com I've been known to be boring wat is der  ? lmfaooo !! Oh shit now, blahhh imu no im a loner  #ForeverAlone Feels like 10 midgets crip walking on my heart  I'm hurting this wasn't a fun or informative conversation  lol bye Why didn't I stay ?! perfect day to just CHILL outside ! 
drink daqs w | ya girls and reminisce . lolz Miserable at work. Getting some soup after and spending the rest of the night in bed, watching Netflix I really want some fish " :)  Am jealous oh,me too am coming RT  is dat all?   I'm bringing u one masai (co" RT  Just heard Etta James died 
Raise a glass folks, that was one awesome voice. RIP Etta. x Saudades  #tamotogether Oh so you dont miss me? Ok. RT  I miss cadê o thalixxxxxxxxxx? idk yet  lol ok dude, maybe next time then eh Sometimes i hate being me. I made things so much more awkward than they needed to be. Oucchhh yer 1 on mon n 1 fri :-( u gt 1 mon too aint ya? RT  I just did little monster ;-) RT  I wonder if  will ever notice my tweets :-( That dream last night... My poor bayern!! :-( I hate wen I go all out of my way to do sumtin 4 sum1 and dey don't even get to appreciate it. Absolutely shattered I got 144,400 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. I NEEEED TO GET BETTER  lol need my best friend right about now * Aw man. Gotta wait till later to watch #CBB :-( But if it's a double eviction, Michael and the twins to go! Failed my French test Just watched man on fire why they have to take pita man i need a fucking massage my neck back and shoulders hurt HEY. You be nice Damnn , iGotta Get My Shit Repericed corr directgov is taking ages to loads liessssss Bree omg what a cringy freak!!!!! I obviously didn't mean that Wow just seen a funeral pass by on street  really makes u appreciate your own life no matter what b.s u dealing witheither would I NOOOOO! Leading until the final lap then my tyres had gone and dropped to third. Absolutely gutted! we that haven't started nko? RT  I'm tired of reading chocolate companies should be held responsible for this, as they only think about profit! $$$ Which is sad! New York me manque. RT  I wish panera delivered.....  In fact, I wish ANY restaurant delivered way out here in the boonies. #CountryGirlProblems ;) im sorrry  i got a small bladderrrrr Ohhh nevermind bahaha!! Btw #textmenow #missedyou today Mishemzo you say that i can txt you whenever i want, well i need to txt you right now, so please answer hey!  we are getting there before half 10 to get our vip tablesssss! text me if you go! xxxx It's raining snow I work next Friday!!! On our way to come back home Why am I ALWAYS LATE !! Buh u cnt with ds gbagaun  RT  ((((((((((((# RIPENGLISH RT  If wishes were Horse, I'd own a Stable. i want some foams Wow no one blocked or reported her?!  That makes me sad.. Something just stung me.. EEeek not sure what it was :-( nooo   we didnt talk at all barely /: but afterschool hopefully :) my boyfriend is gunna be the death of me omg skins is so good! want episode 2 to be online now :-( my Sky has died! Nooo! Was lookin forward to #Stella Ugh, ive had a headache for the past 2 days & it wont go away baba kabari. Kawai. 4 blasts near my house... i cant hear you thoughh 
 ( live on On me way to the hospital, jeeha I just wanna feel better , but right now this sickness aint really goin' no where :-( talk about it tomorrow xxxxxx RT  I can't cop tomorrow cause I still gotta pay court fees & tickets n shit. no I didn't really like any of the bands and none of my friends like the music I do but omfg the blackout :-( If frankie leaves ima dieee  xxx NOOO  has to stay innnnnnn !!!xx RT  I found Jamie from MIC on fb but it wouldn't let me add him  I DONT CARE IF ITS SAD HES THE BEST ONE u have any clout at Barringtons, husband bday sat night im missing my blackberry  Apparently I'm not perfect. I got pulled over. It's going to annoy me so much when drunk comes out because its like my fave song off the album and its going to get over played to fuck Why Houston? They've got them in other cities. Including Austin. Win! RT   miss Houston now. Recording tonight is likely postponed due to crap driving conditions. I'm so upset! It was probably a new episode too! aww thank you! Haha and mariano doesnt follow me either Bomb Blast In Kano ...What Is This Country Turning To? i really hope frankie doesn't go out There is a difference btw Boredom  ‎​& loneliness.  seen both sides of the coin #Forever ill try help you get unblocked, but he doesn't even follow me.. I feel like I haven't slept at alllll Lost my card  omg daamn : ( i'm sorry Righthand but i cant change who i am thoughh u dont talk to me nomore me too! Coz I'd die if they played at my party, doubt the would tho  oh well I want  ! oh yeah!! I forgot your a sick baby right now The outside of my car looks so dirty Lol  FO my mentions RT  So  finds 'Tyler,the creator',whack or rather "freaky"...lol weird shits!!! Lonely. I had a dream you came home! No fair All of the affection has been taken out of me! My BFF says I have feelings like A man Damn that's not good  I need prayer lol my lip This bull really ended the family smhh Nix..she just blocked me nje  RT  Hawu lol wat dd u do ?? O_o hahahaha ! RT  (cont) #ThingsICantStand The fact that  will never notice me! JADEN FOLLOW ME PLEASE  12 #BOTS me and the refresh button :-( No , all i wish in life is my mother to be happy. She have the worst and saddest life ever, and shes the most beautiful person ever Where have you gone? You're my chocolate. Hey, look! I don't have any chocolates God put a cute football player in the one class I have to make speeches and will probably make a fool of myself in. He hates me. thanks ! Wish yu could come I miss you already and its only been 15 minutes Oi! Twitter won't let me send my #Murrayx17 tweet!  #boo please bring me some custard It's not funny My mom made me throw away my chocolate cake I'm a little sick  #sucks we were jumping on her bed and catching eachother and I jumped on her, she fell over and hurt her back ... RT  FAT PEOPLE, Y U NO LEAVE SKINNY PEOPLE CLOTHES ALONE? WE NO WANT TO SEE ALL THAT!/ hjb over dikke mensen joh homo . Curse you toilet seat, I just want to sit down  #STOPMOVING #please my confiedence level is like 0 my phones been off, besides that I thought you were mad at me oh pwnie  if i had a fucking decent pc to play bf3 on i would join! But hey  i bought a fucking laptop instead. Wish I could get a takeaway but I am on a diet. Only healthy foods for me holy crap, i miss you so much ! &lt;3 It's been weeks RT   If today you saw a bloke wearing his hat inside out with the label sticking out...then that'd be me :-( #lookinstupid Can't live without megavideo I'm sooo sorry!!  #doggyheaven #BecauseOfYou I can't go out to the club without remembering the good times we used to have omg! that's so bad! i'd cry!! and you got tickets and all Vocee que naoo responde sooooo not fair!!! I'm missing it cos I'm at work I ain't working untill monday please tweet me or RT tell me i love U is my dream forever noo!  tea is amazing babe! You just don't know..;) I don't no what got me feeling this way  Bit of #RussellHowardsGoodNews before bedtime.........5am start tomorrow nooooooo!!!!!!!!!! not feeling too good lmao goofball. dani i hurt *torp voice*  I been in my room since this time yesterday ok so i have to go to work  boo this sucks o well not a late night tonight so itll be okeither would I NOOOOO! Leading until the final lap then my tyres had gone and dropped to third. Absolutely gutted! we that haven't started nko? RT  I'm tired of reading chocolate companies should be held responsible for this, as they only think about profit! $$$ Which is sad! New York me manque. RT  I wish panera delivered.....  In fact, I wish ANY restaurant delivered way out here in the boonies. #CountryGirlProblems ;) im sorrry  i got a small bladderrrrr Ohhh nevermind bahaha!! Btw #textmenow #missedyou today Mishemzo you say that i can txt you whenever i want, well i need to txt you right now, so please answer hey!  we are getting there before half 10 to get our vip tablesssss! text me if you go! xxxx It's raining snow I work next Friday!!! On our way to come back home Why am I ALWAYS LATE !! Buh u cnt with ds gbagaun  RT  ((((((((((((# RIPENGLISH RT  If wishes were Horse, I'd own a Stable. i want some foams Wow no one blocked or reported her?!  That makes me sad.. Something just stung me.. EEeek not sure what it was :-( nooo   we didnt talk at all barely /: but afterschool hopefully :) my boyfriend is gunna be the death of me omg skins is so good! want episode 2 to be online now :-( my Sky has died! Nooo! Was lookin forward to #Stella Ugh, ive had a headache for the past 2 days & it wont go away baba kabari. Kawai. 4 blasts near my house... i cant hear you thoughh 
 ( live on On me way to the hospital, jeeha I just wanna feel better , but right now this sickness aint really goin' no where :-( talk about it tomorrow xxxxxx RT  I can't cop tomorrow cause I still gotta pay court fees & tickets n shit. no I didn't really like any of the bands and none of my friends like the music I do but omfg the blackout :-( If frankie leaves ima dieee  xxx NOOO  has to stay innnnnnn !!!xx RT  I found Jamie from MIC on fb but it wouldn't let me add him  I DONT CARE IF ITS SAD HES THE BEST ONE u have any clout at Barringtons, husband bday sat night im missing my blackberry  Apparently I'm not perfect. I got pulled over. It's going to annoy me so much when drunk comes out because its like my fave song off the album and its going to get over played to fuck Why Houston? They've got them in other cities. Including Austin. Win! RT   miss Houston now. Recording tonight is likely postponed due to crap driving conditions. I'm so upset! It was probably a new episode too! aww thank you! Haha and mariano doesnt follow me either Bomb Blast In Kano ...What Is This Country Turning To? i really hope frankie doesn't go out There is a difference btw Boredom  ‎​& loneliness.  seen both sides of the coin #Forever ill try help you get unblocked, but he doesn't even follow me.. I feel like I haven't slept at alllll Lost my card  omg daamn : ( i'm sorry Righthand but i cant change who i am thoughh u dont talk to me nomore me too! Coz I'd die if they played at my party, doubt the would tho  oh well I want  ! oh yeah!! I forgot your a sick baby right now The outside of my car looks so dirty Lol  FO my mentions RT  So  finds 'Tyler,the creator',whack or rather "freaky"...lol weird shits!!! Lonely. I had a dream you came home! No fair All of the affection has been taken out of me! My BFF says I have feelings like A man Damn that's not good  I need prayer lol my lip This bull really ended the family smhh Nix..she just blocked me nje  RT  Hawu lol wat dd u do ?? O_o hahahaha ! RT  (cont) #ThingsICantStand The fact that  will never notice me! JADEN FOLLOW ME PLEASE  12 #BOTS me and the refresh button :-( No , all i wish in life is my mother to be happy. She have the worst and saddest life ever, and shes the most beautiful person ever Where have you gone? You're my chocolate. Hey, look! I don't have any chocolates God put a cute football player in the one class I have to make speeches and will probably make a fool of myself in. He hates me. thanks ! Wish yu could come I miss you already and its only been 15 minutes Oi! Twitter won't let me send my #Murrayx17 tweet!  #boo please bring me some custard It's not funny My mom made me throw away my chocolate cake I'm a little sick  #sucks we were jumping on her bed and catching eachother and I jumped on her, she fell over and hurt her back ... RT  FAT PEOPLE, Y U NO LEAVE SKINNY PEOPLE CLOTHES ALONE? WE NO WANT TO SEE ALL THAT!/ hjb over dikke mensen joh homo . Curse you toilet seat, I just want to sit down  #STOPMOVING #please my confiedence level is like 0 my phones been off, besides that I thought you were mad at me oh pwnie  if i had a fucking decent pc to play bf3 on i would join! But hey  i bought a fucking laptop instead. Wish I could get a takeaway but I am on a diet. Only healthy foods for me holy crap, i miss you so much ! &lt;3 It's been weeks RT   If today you saw a bloke wearing his hat inside out with the label sticking out...then that'd be me :-( #lookinstupid Can't live without megavideo I'm sooo sorry!!  #doggyheaven #BecauseOfYou I can't go out to the club without remembering the good times we used to have omg! that's so bad! i'd cry!! and you got tickets and all Vocee que naoo responde sooooo not fair!!! I'm missing it cos I'm at work I ain't working untill monday please tweet me or RT tell me i love U is my dream forever noo!  tea is amazing babe! You just don't know..;) I don't no what got me feeling this way  Bit of #RussellHowardsGoodNews before bedtime.........5am start tomorrow nooooooo!!!!!!!!!! not feeling too good lmao goofball. dani i hurt *torp voice*  I been in my room since this time yesterday ok so i have to go to work  boo this sucks o well not a late night tonight so itll be okWe do!!! I miss you!! Omg vampire diaries is killing me right now!!! if I rmbad Ʊ wer ffin me, I wdnt hv tweetd dt! " I tot I told you..... " ..Its pweedie obvious rlatships aint my thin I miss you too i really wanna go on holiday  got a temp numba too ill message you it on facebxoxoxoxo and another thing....how come you dont finish with Sex Party anymore? you want some 1Meg uncapped? Watched the cricket live via internet, awesome stuff... back to books puppy i called to buy was sold when i called, wasn't meant to be  #jenna yeah  I really liked them together but who know, maybe it was better for them to divorce, I'm so glad they're still friends :) RT   I know. it's been way to fucking long  I hate not seeing anybodyyy. just make things better with him krisssss.. then you'll be in a better mood. etta james died  RIP to such a talented artist.. Clover seems sad: Today clover has looked really sad  Her ears are back, and she keeps looking at me all pathe... Nobody noticed my watch matched perfectly with my sweater today So disappointed that  can't come over tonight im guessing Sarmine isnt coming over nee sorry Not YOU silly! “ But I bought you nachos! “ I went to the movies w #OOMF; she talked through the whole movie : ( LOL”” 24th .. my luckk the day that woman comes back from DR  I wanted to change my hair .. waaaaa Don't say things you don't mean nooo  and yeah cause :) no i couldnt find it anywhere Bach's Muses cancelled for tonight in Chicago due to inclement weather  Stay well and warm! i reckon they've done it on purpose  i even had a gift card to spend!! It's so unfair... I love you, I just want a photo with you but I live in Greece.. Hope to meet you someday Romeo and frankie better not get evicted  #CBB RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( " plz pray Faith comes home" Coming home is never a hurdle..staying, quite often is! exams next week. " Just Lost A Twitter Dance Battle To A Light Skin Girl w/ A Fat Ass Cause She Started Twerking !  Lol" - that's me (; 3shan mu wifi mu 9ayra ag3d 3la l twitter ktheer aw honey :-(  My mum had one - she's told me she wore it nearly every day, she loved it so much! dont stress,I'm sure everything will be ok.I was thinking of going to game but sadly work and general life has got in the way! I want  to start complaining again aawwh no  that sucks. You should get a job somewhere you'll like! Xxxx MR. Bio Is Fucking Me I'm trying to show you that I want something, but when you don't tell me you love me, it makes me not wanna try The twins got really booed  #CBB I'll try  #scaredtweet No follow back so mean I can't play  haha .. Who.? Fb chat der ;)  "  &lt;/3 #StoryOfMyLife" awwwww RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( But When I Bouta Get On My Bus That Shit Was Horrible'! if you said hi to me & I looked at you then just walked away what wouuld you call it!Oh well have waned to met you forever yeah she does i go back sunday and didnt get to see you! I miss my scrimlate I miss I always go Boylen before the game... Get there a bit later than rest of the gang cos I have to work in the morning but i dnt wana get my hair wet  lol aww I know what you mean :-( I was very wet by the end!! Stood by a radiator for like 2 hours afterwards :-p x RT  You so aggravating , thats not funny RT   &lt;----- RT  Where my baby???? Noo,and I miss you tooo. It's always ON MY MIND because it's my ANGEL i know girl he's WHAT YOU WANT and probably he doesn't RT his CRAZY BUT TRUE  6 slightly I only managed to keep food, water and pain killers down at 7.30pm  its horrible... RT  who's gonna come over to my house and make me some dinner  cuz im sick // makarna? 18% battery life left  another
Hr before I reach home شفتو كمية المناديل هذي  ! بس عشان اكل وجبه ماك :I can't live without tissue paper    s LMAO.. Connie said she is not gon use her supercard or her tiger bucks on me.. you're the only band member that doesn't follow me  wanna change that? IT'LL BE A COOL EARLY BURFDAY PRESENT Frankie better not go tonight #oomf and I use to text a looot & now its all awkward because they dont even text back RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( lmfao it was so hilarious aand that shit ain't possible! Mine too and im on virgin, must be sky1! been looking forward to stella all eve too  I'm not sure what's worse: my alarm to wake up for school, or the one to wake up for work.  come visit me from 5-10 &lt;3 hell yes! QF3! If you guys even remember that lmao. I've been without you two for so long now! i know RT   YES! god i hate it when they do this to us!! i cant believe im turnin 20 this year! D: Oh no!! Stay safe and warm wish I lived in Kitsap.. I feel like straight up shit today uggggh okay I'll be there in May BGT audition tickets and I can't go IM SO JEALOUS OF YOU  &lt;3 but congratz :) This snow Jus cancelled all plans Whyyyy do Snoop and Wiz have to be soooo fucking cute?! Ughhh RT  We officially confirm the death of Channels TV reporter Enenche Akogwu in the #Kano explosion. He was 31 yrs old. I've asked a few  still curious what happened to the old 205 space though RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( sit here and be bored  ..worst way to celebrate Super pissed my Unity Candle isn't right. Me ?  RT  i'm done with #oomf i'm switching schools next semester But i know i aint gone be able to go in CVS happy no more Noooooo.  srry! I remember having a cute sweet dog and I went to Bermuda for seven days came bck and she was gone :-( i misss youu too. But she had to go back to the hospital again last night. I wasn't thinking about his behaviour.  Mind you, that may spoil the fun :-( I'm with ya, buddy! I swear if this bus comes late imma snap... Its too cold for this I know I sound like the typical girl but I really wish  was here to be with me during this snow storm. Ikr? She's so young as well.  #PoorA According to HHS, Emperor Nerobama will now bear the title "Lord of Your Thighs" #forgivemeAerosmith RT  I wish dat all my problems would dissappearI wish I could go back to the old twitter Stomach Ache!!!! 
-Might Be Sick Idk there's so many. wahhh u never notice or reply my tweets anymore I miss her.! When she gonna wake up Now watching a programme on Thatcher. Fuck my social life has really fallen to pieces so far this month  only 10 noo he doesn't return them lol miss my xbox chats with RT  Im almost out of caprisuns :-( nooooooo I swear I wasn't trying to look at her nipples Whyd she leave for?  #booo RT  Isten is no longer in volleyball :-( boo ! I was happy ash left and now isten ?! Ugh You js finishd watchn a fabulous movie, n ur in that hideous limbo btw fantasy and real life! Sucks to hell! u have to watch Ides of March. Totally agree w/u and would want to do the same.. but I don't think "system" allows it to work "  IM GRAAY2 MDALIN. lol blame  for the bri2ish accent. xD":'( loool zaaiinnaaa:'( blame me My bff never visits me anymore Fuck “ That's guy make me crazy &lt;333 WHY DON'T YOU FOLLOW ME? DO YOU HATE ME? AM I UGLY? watching t.v! I'm exhausted  #twitterOff | tomorrow: more rumors.. thanks for following! following back :) xoxo Fed up with everything!  #exhausted! awww Anna  I'm sorry. I miss you terribly though. so tired, ill, been sick and got too much work  x I don't wanna loose all my picture and apps tho "mother"  getting ready to go bed  i need to chatch up on my sleep xD lol i've missed yaaaa No CSI tonight !? No Game Tonight Pause RT  I ate too much today. I was crying in the hallway thats why I didnt answer you back A little upset my hoes  & Asia are leaving me this weekend know the feeling!  x I'm on punishment this sucks  so bored I might have to get one So many memories to forget, so little material to replace that. I'm sorry  My tummy hurts. Goodnight. I love him in a bredrin kind of way kaylaaaa   your texts are scaring me! I'm sending you a billion hugs I have I hope so to I miss my puppy, had to leave him at my mommies house going to hang out with my niggas in Dallas instead of Paris today :-( RT  I'm so tired and confused today. The tiniest things make me want to cry RT  I wish Greg was home  I need him right now its really long, ill be okay tomorrow maybe  thank you for asking it means a lot xxx WHAT THE FUCK DO I HAVE TO DO TO GET  TO FOLLOW ME? Asljsgfsssjhj Bombing again???? So sad RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( I have a cold right now im at my english school, he's gone  ... And my teacher is INSANE... awww I wanna go snowboarding i wana go Waitin on my sister Keisha to come up from Greenville then we hittin the highway.. I ain't seen her since I was 16! lol smh accusing me of stealing smh. can you apologize to mrs. mcallen for me I feel so bad I can't make it to rehearsal are you foreelz? we only had one day of snow down here i really want chinese food please please please , let me be one ur gonna follow I have been trying &lt;3 RT  Craving Ice Cream I forgot that I need to gett my oil changedd!  I can't go nowww :'( Kebabish Order - Chicken Tikka Roll (No onions), Meat Samosa, Fries and extra mint and chilli sauce. Im gna feel this tomorrow RT  slow dude : 'can I sit by u' me : ( i'm inna good mood ) yeh slow dude : *scoot in & push me up against the window* WTF ?! don't get into it because once you start you will never be able to stop  but it's so gr8 i would give you it but it would be too small My children can be very ungrateful sometimes :-( Good life :) Snowwwww.... jealous  Never saw snow Im high n hungary massive lump on my head! FML!  I hope it goes down by tomorrow night.  I know   c'mon!! Please and thankyou ? *hugs* (I wish I had more to offer, but unfortunately I don't :/) I have the shortest attention span out of any human being that I know  #hashtag At work an hour gone ONLY  #bored i just want my friend back thanks for the #FF i miss the person mentioned next to me on this tweet though I can't vote for dig had to walk home from my bus stop in the rain I'm gonna throw her a guarache I miss your hugs David yeap how sad thou m gona hav 2demand a temporary fone :-( i just cnt cope nje RT  I need a new  song!!!please?please?My ears are need to listen to Alejandro singing something new I want pinkkkberryy againnn  🍧 I think I left my polish at  house I don't know how I want it!  I just want it to be hawt n not damaged. Was really looking forward to watching Stella with  in and it's got no bloody sound on! I've gotten used to being with  ........ I forgot she has 12 jobs Won the tournament top goal scorer aswell but hurt my knee and my ankle I really need someone right now, all week has been horrible. Why? Where's My  Sef? al ratito ami. Miss u so much too  Can't the five inches of snow we got lastnight melt before we get more tomorrow  #SnowInACityBlows I never noticed how much I used Megaupload until now. I'm gonna have to find a new file sharing site ah mind you said that  unfortunately my da has a great memory for my worse moments :) I cant  I'm having to give up leaving the house LOL saving for  tour! i want a new profile pic. that's difficult here since 4 just had an ECG and waiting to see the docs now but there taking forever!!!  so tired  want to go home!the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  77 follow me??? Yes no maybe so ...I LOVE YOUU plz i cant go anymore  i have basketball till 6 but im gonna try and go after RT  I'm going to have #kayleighwithdrawl this weekend   #sonotoverit My trackpad hanged for about 5hours katagal RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( i misss you tooooo  told u that u shouldve came here with me Daddy Told Me To Park my Car Ne.. :S '     =/ ' haha  aww well when you get on (if you do) it will be good haha Cx Did u know that I fired the other admins?Ur the only one working. U+tim+me are the only ones. but  is not promoting Where's  and  to feed me! never even said bye today RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Uwaa, sorry for leaving you all yesterday. I'm so sleepy youth club is boring enuf  :/ aaaahhhh your dress will be here don't worry!! Aahhh so jel, currently boiling my veg  x Awweee  #foreveralone It's always ON MY MIND because it's my ANGEL i know girl he's WHAT YOU WANT and probably he doesn't RT his CRAZY BUT TRUE  11 RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( RT  Not having friends has the same life expectancy effect as smoking 15 cigarettes a day! --&gt; I know!!  we should just write on the desk lol Feeling real down today Croatia loves you.Here is a lot of Beliebers and we love you.Follow me PLEASE  &lt;3 RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( follow me please boo, one english class left &lt;/3   & sarah & jade : ( #lovemygirls Why does it always snow heavy on days I have no classes? I really want to go to sleep but 9pm is just too early can 6o'clock come any faster? I've been at work since 7am Feel so light headed, so glad it's the weekend. Need rest, so fucking ill What about Brazil???? I'll cry if frankie goes, wahwahwahhhhhh oh whats this, other deadly stomach ache? Think I'm giving birth now.. lol jk, bu it hurts so much it sucked, we had to swim laps!!!!!! And then we only got like 15 minutes to get ready follow me please RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Working on my #SeniorSpeech ;)  :) . . . *google check* ewwww! RIP #EttaJames you have always been a wonderful friend. Your voice and songs will remain alive forever  #sad No one is gonna be at applebees tonight.. why do i have to go RT  please trend!!!!! #MoncheleisReal  or #MoncheleForever  !!!!!!! RT   rubbing your back for comfort.  come home soon please. miss u more then I've ever missed anyone or anything. ( Hate driving in snow he hasn't tweeted since 2010 chic e doesn b on dis always boasting about what grades they got  at least your friends are dumb e.g. " Long hair, don't care." Def jelly  #AwfulShortHair school         if you know what i mean! Its one thing after another tonight I was FaceTimeing with   and   and they hung up on me because I started to play the drums. Lol Maneeeee I'm Sad Mann I don't even know my Nana was supposed to send me some money but she never did. So as of right now its a no :-( Boo! ~ RT   Boo for frizzy hair and being cold lol, Eye'm deadass though....I never know what the date is :-( do some magic and make mi massive sloosh hole smaller please, blokes are tryna wear me as a fuckin hat lately  xxx Daily reminder! No win for me today  I'm up to 13 free Snickers/m &m's coupons :) And 7 other readers won the... I've wanted snow for the longest time! And of course it'd have to come on my day of travel  #beggarscantbechoosers? but they're not hot Hi there, that's odd :-( PAYG sims can be ordered for free from our website, do you think someone might have ordered it for you? Looks Like Everybody Goin To The PJ Party But Me. Awww babe,bad luck!  And Yeaa-I find It hard to choose from all 5boys-but Its probably Hazza!&lt;3He's just sooo Gorgeous!!!xo the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  76 You were a real fan. Your mom and you. Sorry gurl. “  I'm not allowed to buy clothes :-( well apart from uniform of course ;)" &gt; Same...we'll see how long we last! RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( 5-11:30 track meet Soy bruja piruja...take away cachis!! traeme uno  please unbelievably bored!! someone help me out! MISS YOU TOOOOOO! RT  Beht why nau  :'(" Wtf RT  Asides bin ugly am sure its stinking in there!!" Smh loool you killed me  but yeah thats kind of what I meant awe me too  
Did they get hit bad ? & he almost hit you too ?!! I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 22 I was supposed to go jogging, but I can't without The sparkles r poppin off!  fuck!!!! I seriously have not been acting like myself these past few weeks I'd love to see nick in H2S but I'm from Italy I wanna go to the game Babygirls gone for the wkend! helloooo!!! &lt;3 slr cuz bad connected AWEHH. I missed my cousinssss RT  I miss living in bikinis so much!  I cannot wait until hot weather. #summer2012, hurry quick! aww im sorry ugh  I'm starting to hate it here. Write about me. Like, Do it. Say I'm some chick from Canada. DO IT. Now. I'm Watching you. You're not doing it. Why? Omg   Me Tooo  ..this is a bad day uu GOOOOD. I took the left overs and ate it with a spoon but my stomach hurts now nope, sorry Where are my #ff s tweeps?!  I haven't got one today. I normally get at least 4. 
#notwanted #unloved Aw vag, my brother's taken the TV for Xbox. NO MORE BIG MOMMA'S HOUSE I was getting kwunk then jared & yemisi came & kicked me out :-( come back into my life I miss you I had to sit by  twin at the pep rally.. I miss you so much britt at least you didn't just carry a 6 year old up 2 flights of stairs! Grim! i think im getting sick #teamfollowback My back really hurts It is with great sadness that I must report the impending closure of The Gramo Lounge RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Believe tour to Middle east GOD!  please see this!!! We really want you here!  come 2 Jordan!!!!fine :-( TOWIE isnt the same without youuu.  Definitely my favourite out of everyone! #TEAMAMY pleaseeee follow me or tweet back x hahaha I used to get road rage but it was mainly cause my instructor was realllyyyy annoying and bald im 100% sure you will never notice me and follow me back  I love you so much Justin ! 5 misss you too biiatch :-( man that pretty much sucks oh I really hope they do!! Gagging to watch it. I've had a migraine all day. :-( Tucked up at home.  Miserable night jaden you never see me  please follow me, i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me :). #Jadenators 4ever really wishingg I wasn't sick on a friday nighht I'm always missing  tweet spree lol idkk why it unfollowed you, i just saw it before Wished iworked tonight :-( Pussy RT  Watching Rise of The Planet of The Apes and I feel sorry for him.  I know it's a movie, shut up. Llooll I think the Girls heard what I said. Them no dey make I playy some. Hahaha.   :"( And Thomas Cook need to quit sending me all these discount deals etc...I'm stuck in this bitch! we miss you Bacary U wanna hold on but you know you have to walk away My mum doesn't want to go to L.A again until next year  and I've never been and would love to go to Paris! mums saying a long weekend :) NOOOOOOOOO; i want my nails doing  x brújula por favor. Anyway no puedo ir. :-( trying to get  to follow me, but he is probably offline Only one more day in Florida after today  #waahh idk I have to work this weekend  but I mite do something next weekend It's Friday night and I am bored if anyone see's a boxer in high crompton/shaw please can you let me know this is awkward Lol my phones really about to die mine is in for the m.o.t tomorrow THAT'S TORTURE! Poor you  I've been great too :D but still need to make you somethinnggg! Forgive me x) Really dont want gymnastics tomorrow  tooth ache so sad i missed it I would donate blood, but I don't like needles. I only get stuck with a needle unless I absolutely have too. RT   Swear you never even read my tweets!!!! aww im srry I wanna go to figure out my summer...need that email wish I had something to do tonight .... I'm down to go to lasalle just for the gym and come home but I don't wanna go alone The awkward moment when you can't open "What will happen to you in 2012?" thing on Facebook cause my Chrome don't allow it..  no  we had a crazy couple argument that completely destroyed our relationship #suckstobeme Ecobank?RT  this ATM just spat out the dirtiest notes i've ever seen at me  ..is it because the money is small? God dey I'm not mute you're just intimidating :-( i cant get u off my mind &lt;3 Just picked up the phone and said 'hola' and the lady hung up on me I dont feel very well today lmaooo we have to wait til monday oh oke  I'm so pissed..I wanna cry I'm alright I guess..Got a bit of a headache&have to do soo much revision this weekend but I reaally can't be bothered  you? ♥ Just spilled bleach on my favorite sweatpants  #whitegirlproblems the only offers I'm getting are male! “ Hardest day of nursing school thus far.. Become an organ donor”&lt;--- such an emotional lecture! I really wish my boyfriend was here &lt;/3 :$    nee grapje (::$ wij zijn beste vrienden, wist ik wel;$ follow me and  because we love you so much! Please Justin!   14  you're not coming to birmingham :O :-( believe me so am I Shadddddup lol RT  I miss my Joey ...so what about your life no My bladder is fulll you dont clean your ears,turnips start to grow oh and rest in peace etta james Hello ; do me a favor,follow me please.I would be very happy♥ Ok ; i give up  Bye... 2. I just wanna die right now. This pain is unbearable hahaha i didnt notice your sarcasm  im sorry! aww anything to make this friday a little better! haha not fun staying in! im 100% sure you will never notice me and follow me back  I love you so much Justin ! 4 HAHAH! Check some of the players new ratings!! Torres - 84, Carroll - 79!! 

Heskey stays the same  

Most... All the cute guys are gay i'm tired of writing you  you never notice me... -_____________- no... these jeans that i only wore twice are tight as hell now... i paid like 130 for them  #kardashianprobz RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( i really wish i was allowed to go to your concert in toronto :-( Need to find a dress for boyfriend's moms birthday bash in 2 wks!!! PANIC!! Under pressure  Need to look STUNNING!! x Missed jersey shore  gonna catch up!! I lost my phone's case & now it looks ugly  #thingsIcan'tstand I need 2 more followers I have a migraine now. Ugh This hot chocolate burnt my tongue i dont unfollowed u..u are wrong.. i miss u too i sent u a request to come to a college game night tomorrow night but u never responded YOU'LL NEVER NOTICE ME, NOT EVEN IN A MILLION YEARS. MAYBE WHEN I'M A GRANNY SIMPSONIZER? IDK a missed you too! A thought we fell out? :-( Why is everything happening Sad to me now a days??? Lost my luck, my mind for the past 2 weeks  My math teacher also Made me sad Just re-pierced my 4 holes, all by myself with a gauge -_- OMG that hurt. I miss my gauges PLEASE FOLLOW ME ! Nd deres plenty 2 eat here!:pRT  Nothing to eat Will anyone play Pokemon cards with me?! Ughhhhh I just need a fucking receipt :-( your nj shari RT  Yesterday my English teacher said "sneaked" instead of snuck. If you can't trust a English teacher who can you trust with proper grammar RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( My sister  is not replying my facebook messages  What did I do oooooo? RT  RT  NEE! Chris op 2!!! what happened  hope everything is okay girl#ThingsICantStand how  doesn't follow me no I'm at school hungry nooo way. its got a few! I want an   Poster so bad, but my parents won't let me buy stuff on the internet! Grr Waiting for  to turn up at my birthday celebrations. He's late #ThingsICantStand when were apart lucky :P i have 3 next week wagh  im going to study allll weekend and monday RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( thanks, I miss you too! Eating strawberries yummy woo woo woo u know if lol also cnt wait for tonight smack down woooo wonder how aj is  lve u aj woooo!!  That's so long wish I was there eating too I'm so hungry  lol deep down I should save  but $350!!!! Were hoes  RT   Scorpios&gt; bully :-( Wishing  would notice me #depressing im 100% sure you will never notice me and follow me back  I love you so much Justin ! 12  no way! How's the head? ya pretty sad, i think that should work Playing with other people's iPhones makes me want one so bad  #impatient In pain...again Out here SICK well, but they are all finnish so i dont know the next step I know that I didn't have a tweet off you for my birthday in November  how about a tweet for valentines day instead? Because you love me!x Aweeeee  tell andrew i said hello! N ima make all acc to sign it? I wasn't invited lool  I don't even know if its a interview or not thoo Its snowing so bad, my coats in the car and im cold af unfollowed me These pics from miami are making my head hurt  ! Less liquor on vacas effective immediately! So the #MegaUpload thing was not a nightmare, it's real after all :-( Where will I put my files that are too big to email now? :'-( I thought that was odd. But a lot of women are having these issues Shaeshae isn't coming w/ us tonight  Get better bub,  ! “ Somethings telling me that Romeo is gonna b evicted : ( #cbb” mmm mm duno bout that not sure Me too  RT  I Miss  :'( I hate having to make decisions! I feel like my minds all tangled up and don't know what to do wow....a download window opens immediately RT  I miss #oomf....alot no longer to say. I just want my wish come true  Follow me, please I love u Kidrauhl   You are My inspiration. i admire u5 Take acetaminophen RT  Sorry dear RT  Headache darn it, you caught me! My brother's being a dick to my mom I feel bad for her what do I do :-( RT  Independence is fu for not letting my little sister  come there. me too bobby  I feel very sick. just rang me cos she's at one direction!! Waah, I wish I was there i know, sort it out  everyone else probably got theres months ago RT  My Roomate Left For The Weekend Nd I Got No Company  Story Of My Life . 
#TeamSingle Sweating to fuck, feeling nauseous, sore head, it's like a really bad version of a hangover I missed New Girl :-( If I only had tv!  I could be watching a #DogTheBountyHunter Marathon!! Hope my auntie is dvring it!! Boooooo! omg I miss Vegas! Lol  those streets I love u!
Drinkies + smiles tomorrow my lovely &lt;3
xxxxxxx glad you liked. He is but he's lying on the fluffy thing not by me Sore back.. Kodak was/is a great company just wish they would have jumped in the tech wagon sooner RT  Well i guess this year I am home by myself again cause every1 else is in bed :-( great I think I might just leave if the go to bed this year hahaha ah lu may negative thinking dg sesama tkg isi harddisk  RT  (Baca: I DON'T CARE) RT  awesome gila gw sene I want to take a nap sooooo bad please tweet me Damn...didn't get pay this week  but ii know fa sure next week's. paycheck gonna be #Big #StayHustling guttted im not there. Bunch of folk frm bk home up for it too apparently im 100% sure you will never notice me and follow me back  I love you so much Justin ! 11 RT  I would donate blood, but I don't like needles. I only get stuck with a needle unless I absolutely have too. Unfortunately no  QT   thanks for your GN tweet. Good morning dear! Are you off today?;) I'm still n class  I'll b out n a lil t tho smh Dislike this!  xxx Can't stop Sowwy u still sick.   ...Hope you start feelin better soon. :) but you're i east jesus nowhere i'll post it to your FB... you've probably already seen it terrible day off! i hate my ears My son lost his first tooth today only 2 and half years too early & im here tweeting  but not having any luck of a follow  123 it feels like i lost my best friend RT  RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Pissed off with myself atm, I just want that feeling again its on campus, on normal ave. But yeaa I def did it's so sad though I saw your tweet and got so excited!lol..  #bummer RT   aha I miss you too, we still haven't chilled yet just because they think he is so talented and smart, poor joe sorry Reid  but it's gonna be until it heals up don't wanna walk around all broke! Why are me and jillian still standing in a stair case at school :/ oohh right  cus if I go home I ainnt leaving  groundedlife -.- I miss having  #FF from where are all my filters? omg stupid auto-correct. I meant: I feel sorry for you Woke up from a nap... Missing Lynnie like crazy... Can't wait til she come home morge ortho Boys are mean  i need to get to the bar pronto!  #sourdough #starter Day 7 Bubbling nicely. I'm still keeping it at the bottom of the airing cupboard - too cold in the rest of the house go to that shitty thing for my drivers licence thing. I could shoot myself for attending that course tomorrow. yeah. Can't go. fucking stupid TOM came to visitshoulders hurting ... got on the bus, then realised we BOTH didn't have phones anymore  I'm sorry!! ohh dat not sounding goot   think maybe surgery? I didn't get a text. You use the 498 ? r effin hell i can't have any phone then :-( x im 100% sure you will never notice me and follow me back  I love you so much Justin ! 18 Yesss! I want them now  didn't even dare look how much they were! Just picked up my cousin at dv, I miss this school Please follow me. I've waiting 2 years  
#muchlove #neversaynever RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Really needed skating to clear my head :-( #newplan going to go tomorrow :-) no longer to say. I just want my wish come true  Follow me, please I love u Kidrauhl   You are My inspiration. i admire u10 didn't like the ketchup recipe? she's so luckkky  he's so sweet. RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( I hate being ill  owwy ear!! The only way I'll go out tn is if there's something extremely crazily amazingg to do.. #coldaf you spelled Holmes wrong, NOT cool Heya..sorry  RT " So sad*sigh*" Do I have to work tonight  #pleaseno Work till close Went to put on my coat that I last wore Sat...& theres puke on sleeve......Who The Fuck Puked On Me???   Oh it was me???    #boracho are they really expensive?! And oh wow I want long hair  x “ damn u on that ramen noodles budget tho #fail” lol nothing wrong with that :-( ! well keep it up your doing a grand job! :) I'm well just a little sick and since I can't take medications..it blows! I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 26 RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) theyre so beautiful tho  but i cant i wont Omg someone come get me from work RT  Random but I feel like playing Grand Theft Auto . Wow its 3-1 at MGladbach , If I was home I'd be watching :-( RT  There's a TYPICAL Desii Kurrii Pwincess on this bus with the strongest brummy accent EVER! I want to diiiieee!  #BasicBitchOverload Why is it still snowing? I don't like it when bad things happen to my Giles s'up? RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( : ( ughh stupid mall searched the whole mall and still couldnt find jaden smith merchandise now i have 2 go online awwww   (well I won't twitpic if it becomes my splurge meal...stopping dwntown afterwork) If I don't see  Soon I'm goin to snap! LMAOOO not everyday depends on where i am and if i can connect to the internet let her into your garden? Im using Windows Movie Maker atm and its making uploads longer than it did with Video Pad Video Editor  Help? Sony Vegas for my Bday? :) Stupid rain!! Now i cant go to the beach   #sad Noo I only mistook her for about a millionth of a second  I could only see her from behind too, LOVE YOUUU! X Now I gotta help her fat ass move fucking my plans up work, work, & more work UGH BYE BBY BOY  Really can't be bothered to be here, why am I at gym E7sas el fashal we7sh awi I didn't get your Dm Haven't had a night like this in ages Broke my guitar string 
#sadtweet no le seeeeee!! I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 25 please update me on who goes! Im out so not watching it Get home... Mom tells me she got rid of my puppy... Well bye bye cudi im 100% sure you will never notice me and follow me back  I love you so much Justin ! 17 why did you delete your fb? I don't like wen ppl run away from me.  that's not nice. u wasnt on  and i dnt av u on fb no mre watching  take down the slide in our backyard... poor slide  it had a good life omg, he will never follow me I don't think they do a large lion bar pet ZOHAL PLEASE  FEEL INVISIBLE ( live on ! i have class tonite tho  and i dont have my car back yet. its doing it to mine too... I need to go now.  Talk to you later. &lt;3 I love you Brenda. ♥ &lt;3 I think my ac is bad yeh I'm alright I suppose.. Plenty of homework to do tomorrow I want come  RT  we doin karaoke at #scotts tonight .. come have a couple drinks and have fun! Sore throat RT  I love my fam. I hate to see them hurt jaden you never see me  please follow me, i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me :) #Jadenators 4ever ♥ OMS I did two times in a row Please follow me  #jadenator  I'm so fucking weak Unfortunately  I just don't understand why they think they have that right, but get pissed off... I want next week over with, my life is so stressful at the moment I hate exams. Everyone finishes before me and my birthday will be shit It's all out of love :) and cuz she's moving too I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 24 I think he's reading in yer city tonight. I missed him in Toronto Tried to sing Jar Of Hears with my class today .Why I landed in this class?  They don't seem to be the right classmates to me I know I miss the old skippy  #skipintomyheart alrighty girl why not ? no longer to say. I just want my wish come true  Follow me, please I love u Kidrauhl   You are My inspiration. i admire u9 I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2067 Back pain, knee pain, headache.. My body is falling apart It's always ON MY MIND because it's my ANGEL i know girl he's WHAT YOU WANT and probably he doesn't RT his CRAZY BUT TRUE  14 how do i use spotify if i deactivated facebook Where have u been all my lifeeeee mister Really wish i could buy clothes of tumblr! I miss my scrimlate welcome ;** wainech entay Ceramics not the best subject for me Oh no! Hadn't thought about that.   Sounds like he needs attention of some kind. How old is the kid?Don't get me wrong, I want 1D to be successful and stuff, but I don't want them to get big.... idk it's just, i don't want more fans Work  RT  Storm's a comin... Where will u be?!? I don't even get the pleasure of being mad at a person for it! why are you not coming to philly on your tour?! no  creepy shit!!! Never have enough time nowadays But then the tap snapped off in my hand and i forgot I can never save up money. RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( I wanna cry, but I don't wanna cry alone in my bed again, help me yea true but today and tomorrow r my only days off this week  lol fuck it ima party somehow tonight I just signed my lunch receipt with a pen w/ORANGE INK. I miss   #infocusevent i'll ball like a #baby any1 wanna cheer me up ? My hairs gonna be in a bin for the next ten weeks :-( #StudentLife #ProudToBeAStudentNurse lol that's exactly how I'm feeling Not fair!  Haha who he wrestle against? And Kane obviously won right? lol Why you say that? RT  messing up again ,  about to lay here for a few more minutes until i have to go to work.  i just want a day off to relax. “ “ My second bf is Skittles” Ode! :D”aaahn aaahn u dnt hve to be mean Come over bitch! RT   damn im in boston but I didnt come with B Not very well  
on the plus side watching the film grown up's as it always makes me feel better :) I wish I could actually grow facial hair RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( omg i feel so bad for her, shes crying alot aw am the same. Am no a church goer anymore lol. Ave grew up  lol x So cold at work today! Got the heater going, on high, and sipping on a hot french vanilla...and I'm STILL cold!! RT  very depressed i had to work instead of seeing  today Fml. I didnt even bring an orange today what about? I miss you too  xxx Ugh! Me tooooo!!! UNFOLLOW DA just once  are you mad? I won't be home til like 10 or 11 Y cnt I edit my profile 10 dollars left to my name outta 40. Not where i'm at! Lol #Michigander :-( &gt;&gt;“ What a beautiful sunny warm day...” remember that time, I took all my hair off my brush and put in ahmeds coat pocket hahahaha!! get me back to year 11! I want to go to FYE and get Suicide Season 'cos I don't have it. :-( Needs to take my car to frikkin Miami right now. Rain all week= roof up :-( I need all pictures for Harry's birthday video now or I can't use it  xx  Everyday I try SO hard to try and get you to follow me but I dont think you notice  please follow me Justin? #NeverSayNever I feel your pain I know  lol but he's still coming! :D let's go stalk him..get into something crazyyy! ahh :) got my new i phone but have to figure out how to save the voicemails before i activate it It's ppl like that that kill #twitter for the ppl we like to hear from. mh i will tell u the story in berlin!  not here! Follow me??  #loveyou At home by myself RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( verveling only ruzie Dónde tay? Dear lord, please bring back Megaupload. I never got to watch Homeland.  #icefilms thanks! Yeah inshalah! Laa2 I was expecting something else  RT  Big juicy melons!! Alejandro le guarda un enorme rencor a su hermano David...BECAUSE ...HE IS THE PRETTY ONE!!! I haven't been on my own on a Friday night in a loong time :'( Omg we have a blizzard noooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT         Saudades  #tamotogether me too. i don't think i can wait until may :/ i wanna see it now Thank you to both of you. Me & Mrs Dutton very much enjoyed the evening,although I missed tawny Awhh thats true,  just pick out some random person and creep em out (: we switched to Verizon so my old won't send out text and I haven't get me iPhone yet Can't go out today Something is wrong with my puppy I have alot i need to get done but really dnt feel like it :-( no longer to say. I just want my wish come true  Follow me, please I love u Kidrauhl   You are My inspiration. i admire u14 I saw you! Hahaha I wish you could sing there right now! Awww cool!! And yh they did. They stopped people going in RIGHT by us!  so sad  x I WANNA SEE BELLY PICS! lol. :) i miss you too.  im finally starting to feel better-ish. this sucks. being sick and SAHM. Going to give up waiting for  to follow me and  and because he probably won't even see this tweet  ♥‎​‎ THAT SUCKS I still feel rough to  its disgusting  bleurghhh mummy isnt pleased but If I'm a bit late, could you make sure mine and brookes spots are not taken? Were in the 3rd row. I'll let you know ASAP have some faith, Tye. Really need & want chinese right now :-( Tnx :) take it easy dear...u'll be aii #latetweet RT  Issues " awww...wats wrong? RT   "   Dad's in New Orleans Of course the first night I can do something and no ones going to be able to drive RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying I hope I'm not gaining weight  I've been feeling fat lately ! it wasnt my fault I can't take this anymore, my poor soul *De-activates Twitter* idek you any more  your probably a hologram :'( no by jeans are stained too it is because our friend and #wlf founding member  and also  has gone OTRB  #wlf 6yb abee I wish my lace up boot things that I wore to school never broke. Not feeling well RT  i never knew jose guapo had a gap 15 minutes till I HAVE to get up  NOOOOO Bomb blast in kano earlier today killed ppl including  reporter/camera man!  #BokoHaram I am vexed in my spirit!!!! Aaaaaargh! someone needs to tape the.dance cause I have to work and won't be there I'm forever lonely Damn phone why the hell dont you work when i need you most lol : ( #ff SnapBacJack because i haven't called him lately  sorry; is it really gonna snow causeee i wanna see my sister in NY exactly  haha x until 3 min ago I had 1) never heard of the Drew Peterson case 2) thought it was the same case as the Laci Peterson case :-( #LifetimeMovies im 100% sure you will never notice me and follow me back  I love you so much Justin ! 26 wah i miss you too Not really  RT  That should be easy for you to findRT  I need a male companion to chill with!!*  i dont have a camera right now.. I bought food that I didn't eat  ohwells RT  Im Going To Miss Brendan When He Leaves To Germany : (  Justin have 16million Followers and notice me and followed and u 1million (2million) and noticed me  IM SAD I love you Justin! You means the world to me  I think about you all the time &lt;3 Mate i've not seen any matches   What channel is it even on? Has Tomic beaten anyone decent? Read that Rafa had a dig at Fed :0 my hair  don't know wht I should do with it.! the book got thrown out.. We can't find it i only did 48/300 questions for my english exam i deff' failed..not proud of myself my cuzn yorkie... I want one.... :-(  I don't like you hozay  - aysha. Aww I feel so sorry for you  I hate bullies too  xxx on my phone Can't believe I misse dlast nights big brother! Looks so good Eyes feel so heavy saw such a cute chick today sat on the bus with no one sat next to her !! WHY DIDNT I JUST GO TALK TO HER MAN ! #pusssay I woke up w voice mails. Sad I heard some other broad voice b4 I heard is not going to follow so I give up  I wished he followed, I would jump off the roof or something, I swear ! #Jadenators 9 yeah lol I know its shocking I spent 2 weeks trying to get a ReTweet off Rihanna and didn't  lol x I KNOW  BUT AT LEAST HE'D VISIT AN ARAB COUNTRY INSHALLAH :) So pissed off wish this week would end soon I'm going back to bangor   going to miss my mom and daughter all alone at the DMV RT  if anyone see's a boxer in high crompton/shaw please can you let me know Tell your mum I'll come up and clean the next day. I have a leaving night or I would :-( McFlurry de despedida a   (@ McDonald's) don’t think I’ll pass my test by then definitely! You're the only one that wants to go wit me i will never get this chance Aww shit , music loud n i was doin my hair ... i sawy  RT   didnt answer the door :/ I'm nt sounding rude but my mam literally asks soooo much of me the min I'm in the door omg no snow , go away you're gonna ruin my night Precious is such a sad movie RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( during basketball Bed time here! Humum still broken.. I asked to come upstairs to steal the pillow but she said no :-( Somebody needs to buy me a coachella ticket!!!! Frank ocean, wolf gang, childish gambino, la roux and Santigold Miss my car The top of my ankles hurt im 100% sure you will never notice me and follow me back  I love you so much Justin ! 25 Ready to go DT now but I can't leave yet hahahahahah Its not funny ! because you not follow me I gave someone half of my burger  I'm devastated lol yes you have Just wants to stay at home and watch movies not go to work!!!!! thaat sucks  no wonder you didn't respond fingers crossed x x but its so boring That's what I've been doing :-( aaaaaaaw this sucks  i'm here if you wanna talk! i'm good, i'm really good :) &lt;3  Why am I still so tireddd  woke up still feeling sadface about my lovely Crazy. RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. Work over but mr Mackay is being an ignorant arse #goinghomethen aww I'm sorry but my balance is a lot worse than yours and I had more  go work :-/ not that I'm working..just watch star plus :D Poor JoJo  RT  Rt   Got nominated for my first NAACP award. Thank u for the honor! (Congrats Diggy!! Forgot My Juice At Home I really wanna go! RT  heath ledger gone for nearly 4 years  and still missed every single day I was hoping she was swearing like a sailor's whore  #ohwell My left heart hurts... Damn the lady from 'Good Feeling' died!  #RipEttaJames i hate being home alone is not going to follow so I give up  I wished he followed, I would jump off the roof or something, I swear ! #Jadenators 8 sooooo looking forward to it but please don't go back to the zoo i guess u fell down to 8th on the depth chart I'm sorry.... hey baby haven't tweeted you in sooooo long!! RT   My Gorgeous Buddyy (: Tht NEVER Txts Me Anymore rude that no one followed me back on instagram no longer to say. I just want my wish come true  Follow me, please I love u Kidrauhl   You are My inspiration. i admire u18 RT  life is so complicated. I have to pee, and we're on the toll road  #ohwell Actual ladders ascending  =)) follow meee  xo Note to self. Zumba? Fucking hard Jus cut dese ends dramatically... && I'm loosin followers lol :-( " Im getting followers back 2 back #Cheeyy and no they ain't spam." #pissed no clothes for ths weekend im 100% sure you will never notice me and follow me back  I love you so much Justin ! 24 what did she do to you ugh fed up of doing this written work RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Thats the shit i be talking about Emotional wreck :-(  why do you do this to me? :-P love you!! Xxx Dominique hit me in the face with a snowball the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  83 Naah :3 googles gives me the willies They are cute. I missed out though I went to two locations and called two others; they're all out. :-(I wish gerard butler brought me a mirror and sang to me  #phantomdreams Aww hope you feel better soon i miss my baby! Come to Brumby Come to Croke and bring loads of tissue - it's going to be sad. Knew it was gonna come on sooner or later hey! You! Please dont die... I told you to drive safe! what has happened?! Awww feel better! RT  Not feeling well today at all If only they didn't take me this class when I was in home bound  the students in this class in my 10 grade yr were fun!!0 me toooo.  what are you doing!!! I live here now and never see you. oh that's right...ok fine I do miss you my friend. I guess I won't be seeing you. RT  Bomb blast in kano earlier today killed ppl including  reporter/camera man!  #BokoHaram I am vexed in my spirit!!!! Aaaaaargh! im 100% sure you will never notice me and follow me back  I love you so much Justin ! 30 The twins and Michaels are 95%gonna gooo Raaaaaah wanna go out tomorrow night &lt;Hey, what FU means? &gt;Fuck You &gt;Hey.. That's not cool, I was just asking! okay hunnie! I miss you too me because I got tripped up playing footy & landed on my hip & knee, got a massive bruise on my knee  Ahh I see what you Sometimes I wish u wouldn't take my jokes as jokes I think im currently dealing with Mr. Fake, stage 1 loool, soon to meet Mr. Player, Asshole then Mr. RIGHT! #Longfreakin'process love her music  RT  RIP Etta James:  Trust in Me by Etta James:  via Nah wetin i  hear oooRT  Channels Reporter died sha I miss her, its just not the same &lt;3 you me too mane  I'm gonna cry when i see you. O Shit! LOL Man your so luck! Ive never seen them but... but... I'm blogTVing... how can I watch you if I'm blogtving.... hmmmmm I dream of the most interesting things but they would never happen. Looks like I'm in Cali by myself for Valentines day with my white girls,,cuz all my BFF's here have boyfriends :-( RT  cade voce no school but sadly no food. I hate the silent treatment is not going to follow so I give up  I wished he followed, I would jump off the roof or something, I swear ! #Jadenators 17 Wow! Truth though *rof* RT  LOL tweet of the nite RT  Lmao RT  I wish babies had subtitles We've got a storm headed this way though tonight.  RT   Jealous! Im freezing up here in NorCal! #mcchat De La's from FC??! So you're the reason my order was cancelled lol  Damn. Nice That Wendy's got my stomach hurting. why is kishauna playing with my emotions..!!?? Why's everyone so boring and don't wanna do anything! Decided to take on the mighty social work services on Monday. So fed up not getting Joff's transition started. It's pure mince  LMAO. this status was about u but i didnt wanna expose      ... you'll find people to love u for  who u are Why? What happened?  &lt;3 i'm so sorry to hear that  hope you're ok xxxxx Ugh, I Hate How This Happens.... Hmm. I need him now Am I Lying? RT   ahan Well come clean my house then lol RT   I just got my wisdom tooth removed I cant blaze RT   Y nau?!!  New Avi *whew* #ManUtd : ( dreading next placement now! Start all over again! Feel bad for Big Show. And now he's injured okay i've got a temporary Blackberry to use, so if you want it text/dm me so you can add me. (i haven't got anyones pin so  ) I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2068 Missing #CBB yet again no idea who he is Croatian Beliebers LOVE you too.Please follow me &lt;3 my answer button doesn't work  lovely  You okay?  im here for you if you need to talk! As a media student, I really want to intern at  ... but I live in Canada! All I've been listening to is Childish Gambino. His lyrics make me hate everybody lol id take care of him  &lt;3 😚 :) what if u dont like it tho? Wish she was my cougar.   LOL. RT  So obvious, Kim's going to be forever alone.. Nah forever a cougar. My left knee has been giving me some minor problems emmerdale has good storylines but I dont watch it is not going to follow so I give up  I wished he followed, I would jump off the roof or something, I swear ! #Jadenators 16 i hope my baby's okay N its already gone I get excited someones actually talking to me on bbm but then I realise its a broadcast Ahhh on my own at the bus stop and I don't like it mn disney stor fe uk .. !! i open they open one here the smell of this pizza is makin me sick ! Ahh I hear  was at morehouse today n didn't see her LOL I'm The Same Way, Your Not Alone .!  RT  About to go get some glasses .. smh ima be a nerd , braces & glasses RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( RT   awwwhhh  I miss you too, and you'll always have my pop hoodie, there's no other pop. what was our latest TT?i was offline my mom needs to come home  haven't seen her since yesterrrdayyy Got to go and pick my sister up and its cold outside yaaay Hate burning my tongue RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( The last mouthful of hot chocolate is always my favourite, but then its over yes please AND  WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO TO GET A FOLLOW BACK OR REPLY FROM YOU TWO I FEEL NO LOVE AT ALL FROM YOU TWO SMH Armando's mad at me. im 100% sure you will never notice me and follow me back  I love you so much Justin ! 29 since i knew SP's reissues are distributed by EMI and they support #SOPA. I'm regretting i bought Siamese  have an opinion? e lá se foram pro shopping really? awwwwwwww I feel bad now hahahaha RT  i miss  singing get down with the trumpets to the taxi driver on matchdays 2-3 hours so not too far. Back to training after having a 2 week virus :-( All good now though, need to build up again. You? NO I MISSED IT!  I was watching the ones I recorded haha. We should have a GA date and watch alll of them! :) followw meee Want cuddles now. Don't want to wait until tomorrow. Stupid #sky1 for having no sound !!! Missed 5mins now  Grrr ... “ wish  could cone back out here tonight . :/”bruh me too  next time yeah am good! Back too work :-( short staffed and busy!! 2nd week in an a want a holiday already lol. What bout you chick? actually love you so much! was gutted when you was evicted, bb isnt the same without you omg your avatar?!? Don't worry I lost the bet with my bf ... Now I have to get him the foams wear a Heat T-shirt to sleep   It's always ON MY MIND because it's my ANGEL i know girl he's WHAT YOU WANT and probably he doesn't RT his CRAZY BUT TRUE  18You gonna follow fan, please follow me i try since long time! I'm trying to look for a gif to send to Isaiah but I can't find it anywhere! " Where's  at ?" In a hotel sleeping Argh what RT  My life will be incomplete when #cbb is over, don't kick two people out :-( I can't wait that long!!  xx Qeuqeuqueuque ver que RT a argentinas o a chicas que sigo me pone tristeeee woop woop see you tomorrow baby girl :p I'm soooo tired though thats pathetic RT  Miss my car ikr? omfg i got these cute kittens today and i'm trying to train them but they won't obey their master My Asthma Really Messin' Up. RT        dat jerk wont txt me bak buddy wtf we still havent chilled !!! hahaha. I cut myself last week, I was crying for about an hour Aw.  I'm probably going to fail my psychology exam. The other two depend on whether I'll be able to concentrate that day. :/ til tomorrow when I ake tan ha!  you getting #steaming ? thanks for crushing my dreams afraid not I'm one of his angels/promoter and I'm located in upstate n.y :-( “ TIPTOP AUDIO SD 808 TR-808 Snare  I want them all invite me to your party already man hahaha im bored!!! Grrrrr Omg on the bus and the door shuts in my face in front of the cutest guy.. That omg moment when you realize  Is online and ur like he will neverrrr even notice this.  still much love! Luv u codes! ohhhhh my camera on my phone won't let me put it onto twitter, I could do it by tomorrow but, that's too late dw  xxx pup used to make eating crabs easier for us before. Miss it. Think my ps3 mite b dying, not looking good Stupid I was lonely in form and it was your fault ;-) You okay? :-( I know, it's been a while since you've had an asthma attack you think you have it bad? I know four other people with my birthday  happy birthday for tomorrow though! :) I don't feel like myself : ( Fed up of this RT  Awweee  #foreveralone Missing my old friends  #dayslikethis I irritated it Lord knows the feds took my  , get me thru this time frame Wish I Was Going Out Tonight With The Girls,, Feel Like Its Just What I Neeed! is it true or not!? I saw something about it on google! It's the world's loss are you joking? Freaking scared now  violence is horrible but animal slaughtering is fucking wrong Fuuck. I stretched and put my hand IN a candle. Hot wax over it, and the flame went and burnt my hand It's always ON MY MIND because it's my ANGEL i know girl he's WHAT YOU WANT and probably he doesn't RT his CRAZY BUT TRUE  22 Finger is giving me a lot of jip When your Love is lost your whole world thrown off when da 1 u need dont need u wat do u do when your love is LOST Is it 5pm yet? I want to close the lab and go home and eat already nope  I'm.on my droid ......  Nah, I walk like an awkward prepubescent girl in front of a bunch of high school jocks RT  #BecauseOfYou I don't have a father right now : ( yeah man was hoping I would be  xx RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( We miss shayley and want them to do ustreams again !! that's rubbish  they shouldn't do that how long were you queuing? xxx My mom hurt my feelings But its Just .....it hurts what they are saying When a cute boy takes his cap off and his head shape is odd this really does suck  :$ okok I believe you  you like females & only have a bromance with this guy Are u still alive Dude?! I fucking miss ya!!!  &lt;333 Keatsy no Feeling emotional... Ask  to either follow me or give me a tweet? I want him to notice me!!  #AskRose xxxxxxxx so i updated my ipad and it deleted all my apps “ “    My Neice's Bday Is Tomorrow Y'all So i Mite Have To Come Next Weeknd !” :,(”Dhang ! & I still want these chekis i being calling 98.1 but never get reapond 2nd day of my p90x workout. im literally crying ya'll RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( I LOVE CINEMA BIZARRE :) #2YEARSWITHOUTCINEMABIZARRE RT  U remember today marks 1yr now since Copper Cat died :'(  :'( R.I.P Demar Copper Cat Graham ... Photo: FAIL RT  U remember today marks 1yr now since Copper Cat died :'(  :'( R.I.P Demar Copper Cat Graham ... I'm home So sad to hear about Etta James Why is this so hard?????? La pag de Backgrounds esta bloqueada Might go to Kampala at some point for a weekend maybe. Ha, how do you think? Still white, burnt my shoulders but white again now RT        I am Noel Fieldings secret affiar:3 JK I wish RT  so hard to find a way to watch my shows now  #SAD ! #newgirl finishes way 2 quickly First book came in the mail today. Guess the homework phase has begun " thanks I keep texting you and forgetting you are phoneless. Wants to go home!! RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( I actually should go to sleep...but I wanna watch BB.. its so Damn hard to please all my friends at the same time I'm qettinq liqhtheaded. Too much to drink lastniqht with noo food. I wish they'll hurry with my food is not going to follow so I give up  I wished he followed, I would jump off the roof or something, I swear ! #Jadenators 25 it got fucked up, I had to dye it red to cover it up your not following me ................ :/ ................ Was going to take the little shit out but then I remembered the rugby ends soon RT  Decided to take on the mighty social work services on Monday. So fed up not getting Joff's transition started. It's pure mince i dunno why...but i think frankie could go tonight why is new girl only half an hourrrr hahaha  Awww grimmey BITCH my mum scolded me juz now when she saw me online Wish  was coming today  #missyouuu #seeyouatroundupI'm nae playing imorn no aww  I will! Lol what happened with the scissors?! :/ My w2 needs to get here already Hehe!! " Haha! Cc em boss....  Har twitter sai an bimu da bomb  enuf gbagauns yau" It's always ON MY MIND because it's my ANGEL i know girl he's WHAT YOU WANT and probably he doesn't RT his CRAZY BUT TRUE  27 Please stop the rain RT  It's dropping  We Miss Shayley &lt;3 :O that's bad I left my phone at home  sincerely, Marina :p I want to go to the Parkway game tonight , but I don't have a ride  !!! #ThingsICantStand breaking into my notes, then I'll have change and I know I WILL spend it ear ache, owwwwee weh I miss you moreeee  you're hiding from me aren't you! lol jk my gadddd update meee!&lt;3 Poor Carmina! We know it's been a few months since she met her untimely demise, but we just found out yesterday. :-( it was a kiss and a heart just for you Pretty sure the neighbours just banged on the wall 'cus of my singing to Adele : ( like I want it so bad right now Drank too much banana milkshake - tarannum this is impossible to keep dm'in people saying sorry  &people keep unfollowing me now arghhh LOL!(N) i guess that's y u no.. : ( me too  hopefully between upgrades they will update their operating system :) And I bid goodbye to my samsung corby phone which was stolen just awhile ago  sucks to be you klepto 100 followers with millions of fans that's a 1 in a million chance u will ever notice or follow me  but hey #neversaynever RT  Come back  and Willow  I miss you!!!! Love, Floyd So U tellin me I cant sit in a love seat if im not in love??? :-( #teamBobbie pls bring back d old avi RT   Y nau?!!  New Avi *whew* #ManUtd  I got car mats. I'm not sure which is worse is not going to follow so I give up  I wished he followed, I would jump off the roof or something, I swear ! #Jadenators 26 This is so hard Just learned that I have a small brain  #mammphys #justawomanwithasmallbrain RT  Drake and Josh o! Lmao RT    I can't, need an early night for revision, probs won't be out til next week &lt; Same Here what's up? Lmao!!!ds faika's jst makin me sin  makin sum1 sin is also a sin. :| hello lovely! I didn't have a clue who you were at first, I was like who the hell is Steph Robyn?? haha, I HATE EXAMS Spirit week was amazing.  So sad that it's over. I couldn't have asked for a better class to spend it with. #seniors2012 I have 27 credit hours so far, i need 64 so looking forward to eating a clementine...disappointed, not sweet, not juicy...it is awful!!! why in afternoon though?! Miss academy game aaargh no sound on sky 1 sd! :-( I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 32 “ I miss  miss you too when is it? Practice time I can't believe I missed the meeting I thought it was BS, but Twitter really does unfollow people for you! I did NOT unfollow  . jaden you never see me  please follow me, i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me :) #Jadenators 4ever My back is seriously killing me I'm not getting any of my twitter notifications HAHAHAHAHAHAAH!! i was like NOOOOOOO with my head in my hands and my bro was like "You lost the game?"  WHAT IS MY LIFE! bobbie you don't understand HOW much I miss you  omg you have so much to tell me! I'm literally counting down the days :)♥ Well fuck. Bet warris 9ja becoming now? Sorry that they weren't there  I feel bad!!! I was going to tell you about it, but my phone decided to be dumb that sounds like your being forced to say it  put some HUMP into it ;) completely let dowwwwn Where's my seyi? RT  I Smile To Hide The Pain , But My Tears Still Fall Kay is mad at me Good plan :) I might do the same thing as I missed tonight's show. wish I could say the same, working tomorrow  nope gonna have a weekend in, got holidays to save for! You out shugs?x lol that's not what i askeddddd . lmao jk jk but fr i want the mario one Bitch, please? No? Ok... I like kooky, and I want to like it but... I just don't find it funny  I Knew It Lol Awww My Poor Baby :-( dunno I don't finish work till 6 then need an hr to get ready I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 31 i wana b the red turtle its my fav colour I want to make you smile and forget about the idiots /: but I don't know how  I suck at being funny as u lolI love you chris Holy shit, scared the life out of myself RT  Mine isn't  " My hair is so healthy "-- why it's just been not a good day for me on Facebook Omg hearing going out music on adverts makes me wanna go out that's who I want to go! Apparently nicola and kirk/the twins favourite to go though  xx Time is goin by soooo slow it sounds fun I barely ever go on nowadays It's always ON MY MIND because it's my ANGEL i know girl he's WHAT YOU WANT and probably he doesn't RT his CRAZY BUT TRUE  26 only at your accent Cause we make our tea with love x] amy i miss you  and i won't get to see you til after my mocks &gt;&lt; fml. Finally home...but still not done doesn't seem lyk that... oww that's bad You guys having silverlight problems too? Just had the #Azure Silverlight Interface 4 #Azure crash on me. Hope you have a wonderful night with Steve! Myself along w/ 2 other fam members are sick u got ya twitter back on ya phone ;) I want  as my friend bully my phone keeps playing up Awww well that's no good  at least you've still got guitar though :) don't give up like I did! where can I get falling in love? I can't find it at all My toes are froze I miss my baby  i wish her all of my luck and i got to hold her in my arms today&lt;3 I'm Ready, But Now I Gotta Wait On You that's upsetting Amandaaaaaaaa!! How are u hun? Im ok-ish. Had the flu last week, went back to work last Fri. Caught boss' head coldSpent the day with my amazing girlfriend  I miss her already  #cantlivewithout No matter how hard I try, you will never notice me *sadface* Man I think I watched almost all of the Sid Roth videos on youtube :-( watching Cadillac records before i get my check. R.I.P ETTA JAMES you're at xscape tonight, seriously!! The one time I'm not at home  guttttted! winterseam is better than loft though :) x eu nao posso mais assistir one tree hill e RT   RT  We officially confirm the death of Channels TV reporter Enenche Akogwu in the #Kano explosion. He was 31 years old. Good heavens...we put ice on swelling...but the change
of color is NOT good!!! A doctor should see it Melina.. I really don't want to work  #workingmylifeaway Uns geht's hier gut  #Concordia kwl beans, need to chat to you later, lool I can't understand what she's on about half the time when she types like that :P *cries in a hole* xx Turning #28 yesterday means that i am now only 730 approx from being #30 #notgood :-( :'( the big ones were lyk 2 quidd! so I didn't know what to doo Sucks been on my own #headache and got to walk home on my own  #meh #fml I know I know  they better start it from the start now! fish are particularly unreliable First time getting a cold allll winter.. Awesome I'm so disappointed in you for taking that role I miss my friends seriously, love, the wait is killing me. worst headache ever Yeah bb!  Meu to super preocupado com a Lmaooo RT  this ATM just spat out the dirtiest notes i've ever seen at me  ..is it because the money is small? God dey #ThingsICantStand Not hearing My baby voice & Not knowing where he is When is it my time to have luck? RT   u didnt follow me :-( please please would u? xx he just wants to be loved. Except he's a total douche so no one will  #DESPERATE #PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was supposed to cheer at this game too really does Cause I Jack off every time I think of beyonce she took the wig off now she look like.... Kaynes....ex chick! still would talk to me even if you had one Why is it so hard to get a tweet from you to your ARGENTINIAN fans?  IM SO SAD #ArgentinaLovesAvrilLavigne soooo I think she's on her way ,, Yay #WhatJoyThatllB I just realized that I have never won an Internet Contest yet, despite that I enter many. : (  I MUST PERSEVERE! This movies making me cry. I better get to see little jane as soon as I'm home from skiing  it will be too long #feelmissed ouch! Swole my phone is broke  call my house phone..if u dnt already got the # ur not gettin it lol I need My Mom right now. but, why This time last week girl  gives me a hard time too :-( the solos, the monsters were too big I feel so bad when people say "they think I don't like talking" and that when I try to act funny they think I'm weird wew... rainy Church retreat! So excited! Wait, jk. Im not going  #leftout #depressing all my music blogs are closing &gt;:d&lt; you'll find your dog.. astept I want a #ff nothing to look forward to this weekend  great...just great.. omg I would! But were not cheerin out there anymore cause of weather i want my bed, my pillows, and some icecream !!!! everything in life makes me miss you!  xxxxxx People REALLY think all Americans listen to R'n'B and Hip-Hop and rap? I can't find it though Twitter is slow  xx you werent at lunch!  #missinout RT  Did you hear that ooompf and that wail? That's the death of an Epilogue, sigh. Goodbye, Epi. : ( Rest In Prose. I'm sick of rain jailbreak button is greyed out for me. I'm on 5.0.1 and cannot get any further hey...I miss you in track already. RT  Kodak - which invented a digital camera in 1975- files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. &gt; v sad  #in I think  ignoring me Crying my eyes out Dislike the fact that its 2 months worth of mag in 1!! :-( Should be thicker lol Sucks to b me rite nah My day was okay, It could've been better I know I need a diet asap  no fit state for a bikini! Xxx u said #NEVERSAYNEVER but i know, u #NEVER follow me because u don't know that i exist..i'm lose the #HOPE    34 so excited for a hot bath! ... its so cold in my house! Blaaaaaaaaadeeeeblah. Home. Work. Lake House. That's the plans guys. Sure wish  was part of those plans! ill have drinks and think about you bucking like a bronco anyway ;) Booooooored again! My dad is making me sit through the shittest movie ever!!... I slept in and I'm tired still hahaha! It was then, but I'm hurtin today! Im working  wish I could go out with you all! iMiss havin' snowball fights. That movie made me want to Nazi killer. I'm a bit late RT  I Smile To Hide The Pain , But My Tears Still Fall I want to go back to uni. I hate how the holidays are soooo long thank you Mustafa jun. hahahahaha RT  Those girls who cut their eye brows only to draw them again wt pencils lookin like 'joker' Why? we don't want him to ruin his voice though and get sick it sucks  literally so fed up! hey Colette, what about the tshirts from back in December for doing a video? Me and my sis never got ours alright I quit, obviously no one wants to talk about it w me But guys seriously, my ass hurts big time, i hate my chair.. LOOL my mum forgot to make dinner once  she was watching it online the whole day! we miss u so much kyle  not the same crew without you #missingyoumooky I got 200,000+ once  frustrates me lol I just got my official assignment today  hell, I'm not ready! hate being 14!!!!!! it sounds so young :-( Girl broke my heart, I ain't even cared Bout a haircut since  ... Help hope you are okay! RIP Super Gran  xx being ill just adds to how bad i feel at the moment :-( why? : ( tonight has been one of THE worst nights mwahha techniacally i almost got introuble soooo i danced in my gym locker room on a tall bench  id retry monday but (c) I wanna be taken I Wish I got Anons  - FOREVER ALONE RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( *amen nd I hp God helps us
* messed up my hair  -_- I know :-( ohhhhhh you better fuckin know it son except  won't be here  which means well probs get in trouble haha oh yeah just exactly what I want only forgot to buy yoghurt All I Do Is Text Dese Days I know, it's not been the best of days My phones upstairss Today is not our day In bed feeling rubbish I hate packing I KNOWWW!  They banned her BTW album as well, ino tkfeer -_- they don't udnerstand metaphors haha I can't wait to make my salad. I forgot my shredded cheese tho Mmm, I must be one  RT  Half of the bitches i was cool wit last year, i dont even fukk wit nomore.

#BitchesAintShit RT  We won! SOPA N PIPA have been dropped! Now time to get ready for work absolutely shit, as per usual I hate that I'm working so hard and my first two paychecks are already spent.  Bills #suck hahahahah!! Aw the little turtles on the road Everyone seems to be busy later. I have nothing to do and no where to go.  Omona. I haven't buy my new bed sheet and quilt cover! &gt;&lt; oo yes sweetie ( 
It was a great dream withe him  
Love you honey :* My foot hurts! #templerun .. why does my man die so quick! I'm afraid I won't be on tonight for our battlefield session damn life is a whore u give much but u get a little back for it you never notice me in bed because i have to be up at five That Song Give Me Alittle Tears  Chey Serouse lol ... Lol doesn't like 4.30 wake ups  #1DSYDFlashmob Actually, the code expired at 4pm EST.  The response was great! WHY YOU MAKE IT WITH ME? I'M HERE ALL TIME AND JUST IGNORES ME. IT'S NOT TRUE THAT YOU NOTICE ALL OF YOUR BELIEBERS  #NSN 5 lol I will because i found nothing I'm hungry and don't know what to eat  this sucks wish i cut my arm on a trolley when i was younger!  ..... nooo I feel soo ill  but I really wanna go brent cross tomoz so I'm being braveee :) haaaa loved Oasis Itz trueee Really wanna meet the boys tomorrow not going to happen Only worked 2 days this week but it felt like a 60hr week! :-( sucks that he has to work so many wkends and that ur body frozen eff youuuuu Am not gonna love SL players in Wanderers  they don't deserve it :P  omfg. so STOKED! I guess the other episodes are going to be only a half hour.....? long day and fucking tired as hell.. cant nap though steam updates hahaha. 
I'm gonna miss you.  have you left yet? could we hang out this weekend? I have to get my wisdom teeth taken out #omg OH . GH why is everyone on my TL complaining about ECG ???? #ThingsICantStand people that bitch about #Glee or Chris Colfer, when they no absolutely nothing about him, or have never seen the show I have a crush on 2 teachers .. idk how to spell his name  & mr. walls :) aww yes we are :) im glad were happy. and yeah we do! but i never know where you are  lol We Miss Shayley!! Whaaaat!? That's sad im sooo bored nothing to do my teachers been been rude about it aww I miss you too RT  Found the courage to talk to a cute girl but then a sparrow flew out of my coat . yes  they thought i was trying to skip school ? my shorts give me awful cameltoe still got half of that and the cheesecake left! biscuit base was too hard though  don't buy sainsbury's! #BecauseOfYou I don't know how to let anyone else in how are you? Come to mexico but your gorgeous & I love you THAT IS SO FUCKING SAD I hate my nose is cold LOOOL unlucky  I GOT TO WORK oh that sucks I dnt think ima be able to go  mom a asshole n stepdad a bitch n I'm not a cota rider Sadly, no. Miss K is getting x-rays to see if she ate something bad. i hate having a headache allll the time. it is like it never goes awayy damaged metatarsal pretty much so i dont have a BB   ( live on I want Everyone Too Come Out Thou Would Be Cool As Fuck! In the UC all alone   no love me! (lol love ya taurus twin) What happened in the north today? &lt;/3 if I had been there an hour earlier, that would have been me on that helicopter with you! #missedopportunities End Feb  unless its settled out of court which I hope it is, all i want is my ins lowered and told I am in the right close to my hometown to bbz! shame i didn't tickets  x omg it was tragic i was kickin her in the face n stuff sayin fuckin fight me back now n she was cryin RT  Just Cus you hve his baby doesn't mean y'all gonna be a family.... I just feel bad for those girls tht believe that shit No twitter till tommorow  Byee ,We Was Lonely In Class w //o YOU ! I have that!!! I don't want a biddy face quite yet  xxxxxx i will be sooo unsocialable the morra if frankie goes out we never went to Chipotle Y U Phone not let you see it (سಥ益ಥ)س Picnic weather. If only yeah im well sad,want them to stay in the uk:'(   xx hopefully i get credit for that assignment  #notinagoodmood OMG whatever c: just can't wait until I can drive! The salon stinks  :) I know!  I just run out of things to tweet about tho haha or I don't have time I thought I was your favourite girl?What a shit day RT   RT  We officially confirm the death of Channels Television reporter Enenche Akogwu in the #Kano ... - he said "why the fuck are you talking to my brother you fucking whore" I found a apt, I just need a roommate!!!! ~ there was no chairs when we saw em on last Apollo date  Chairs would be ideal :) RT  Found the courage to talk to a cute girl but then a sparrow flew out of my coat So, so cold partners we shall be :P and I know  but I'm still in the mindset of coming over.. that's mean! RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( I seened :-( and you don't reply to your messages either! The note I found today..  #bittersweet #sad #ThingsICantStand Seeing the low petrol light flashing on the car dashboard why? : ( tonight has been one of THE worst nights mwahha techniacally i almost got introuble soooo i danced in my gym locker room on a tall bench  id retry monday but (c) I wanna be taken I Wish I got Anons  - FOREVER ALONE RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( *amen nd I hp God helps us
* messed up my hair  -_- I know :-( ohhhhhh you better fuckin know it son except  won't be here  which means well probs get in trouble haha oh yeah just exactly what I want only forgot to buy yoghurt All I Do Is Text Dese Days I know, it's not been the best of days My phones upstairss Today is not our day In bed feeling rubbish I hate packing I KNOWWW!  They banned her BTW album as well, ino tkfeer -_- they don't udnerstand metaphors haha I can't wait to make my salad. I forgot my shredded cheese tho Mmm, I must be one  RT  Half of the bitches i was cool wit last year, i dont even fukk wit nomore.

#BitchesAintShit RT  We won! SOPA N PIPA have been dropped! Now time to get ready for work absolutely shit, as per usual I hate that I'm working so hard and my first two paychecks are already spent.  Bills #suck hahahahah!! Aw the little turtles on the road Everyone seems to be busy later. I have nothing to do and no where to go.  Omona. I haven't buy my new bed sheet and quilt cover! &gt;&lt; oo yes sweetie ( 
It was a great dream withe him  
Love you honey :* My foot hurts! #templerun .. why does my man die so quick! I'm afraid I won't be on tonight for our battlefield session damn life is a whore u give much but u get a little back for it you never notice me in bed because i have to be up at five That Song Give Me Alittle Tears  Chey Serouse lol ... Lol doesn't like 4.30 wake ups  #1DSYDFlashmob Actually, the code expired at 4pm EST.  The response was great! WHY YOU MAKE IT WITH ME? I'M HERE ALL TIME AND JUST IGNORES ME. IT'S NOT TRUE THAT YOU NOTICE ALL OF YOUR BELIEBERS  #NSN 5 lol I will because i found nothing I'm hungry and don't know what to eat  this sucks wish i cut my arm on a trolley when i was younger!  ..... nooo I feel soo ill  but I really wanna go brent cross tomoz so I'm being braveee :) haaaa loved Oasis Itz trueee Really wanna meet the boys tomorrow not going to happen Only worked 2 days this week but it felt like a 60hr week! :-( sucks that he has to work so many wkends and that ur body frozen eff youuuuu Am not gonna love SL players in Wanderers  they don't deserve it :P  omfg. so STOKED! I guess the other episodes are going to be only a half hour.....? long day and fucking tired as hell.. cant nap though steam updates hahaha. 
I'm gonna miss you.  have you left yet? could we hang out this weekend? I have to get my wisdom teeth taken out #omg OH . GH why is everyone on my TL complaining about ECG ???? #ThingsICantStand people that bitch about #Glee or Chris Colfer, when they no absolutely nothing about him, or have never seen the show I have a crush on 2 teachers .. idk how to spell his name  & mr. walls :) aww yes we are :) im glad were happy. and yeah we do! but i never know where you are  lol We Miss Shayley!! Whaaaat!? That's sad im sooo bored nothing to do my teachers been been rude about it aww I miss you too RT  Found the courage to talk to a cute girl but then a sparrow flew out of my coat . yes  they thought i was trying to skip school ? my shorts give me awful cameltoe still got half of that and the cheesecake left! biscuit base was too hard though  don't buy sainsbury's! #BecauseOfYou I don't know how to let anyone else in how are you? Come to mexico but your gorgeous & I love you THAT IS SO FUCKING SAD I hate my nose is cold LOOOL unlucky  I GOT TO WORK oh that sucks I dnt think ima be able to go  mom a asshole n stepdad a bitch n I'm not a cota rider Sadly, no. Miss K is getting x-rays to see if she ate something bad. i hate having a headache allll the time. it is like it never goes awayy damaged metatarsal pretty much so i dont have a BB   ( live on I want Everyone Too Come Out Thou Would Be Cool As Fuck! In the UC all alone   no love me! (lol love ya taurus twin) What happened in the north today? &lt;/3 if I had been there an hour earlier, that would have been me on that helicopter with you! #missedopportunities End Feb  unless its settled out of court which I hope it is, all i want is my ins lowered and told I am in the right close to my hometown to bbz! shame i didn't tickets  x omg it was tragic i was kickin her in the face n stuff sayin fuckin fight me back now n she was cryinRT  I understand everything happens for a reason , but I wish I just knew what that reason is i just want you to know that i exist      2  RT  Bbm's are taken ages to send  so not dingyn anyone!! When your so tired your watching tv and your eyes are shutting that's what the family is afraid of. Maybe it's all the treats, bladder infection.  :sad sigh: :-(  Sat in the dark watching #Hustle because I cant reach the light switch boo! Ridiculous, wouldn't have this if it was BBC ur followers are going UP UP AND UP but guess what!! I'm not one of them no that's my favorite.. Y would u Do that? heyyy me either  wahh RT  Happy Chuck Day! :D Gee thats the last time that can probably be said.. because next week its all going to be a sad tearful day Jarvis don't be mean to me I wanna go Home :-( You are talented really! I just heard your song James, your voice is incredible! 
Hope you cover my heart is broken  RT   Aww i came on too late for Jaden's following spree truth is , I don't know You will never ever follow me !!!  Please Jaden make my day ?? :D&lt;33333 RT  RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Lmao.! Y is it weak?  And Columbia dt....Now thats weak.! lbs Still talk to anyone frm burnside? #doubtit lol no!  I.wanted to do.something wah RT  I want a boyfriend so i can spoil him I miss tigger... I am so glad new house is lovely :) hope my room is set up hehe xxx i know u have many fans and they are always twetting u about folback. and u folback them. how about me? could I please have a birthday tweet,I love you & tweet you like everyday but you never notice me Time to teach this last retarded class! Ugh so over this! dis gal disappeared. Smebdy kindly help me find her. Ayeeee I want  to call me Really wish 2day never existed !! Ok someone help me :) wtf do I get my boyfriend for valentines  ?! I'm stressing out seeing as he's apparently "got a pressie I will love" No hate it when the film takes ages to start&theres annoying folk behind you Worst final I've ever written. I thought French loved me. &lt;/3
#yudothis damn I wanted to go so bad damn it!..quite busy atm with family..sorry zuha I'm not   next friday! are you gonna call me ? ;;) Can't keep feeling like this haha you forgot about me bre i just want you to know that i exist      1 May d perpetrators of today's act in kano nt go unpunished by d measure in which dey killed innocent souls me too  her voice is filled with emotion! the last supper Mood: Sad Me too.. I wish you could come over. 
My mommy's sad too. I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2070 Ur a bastard" ah! chopping red card from both sisters is just sad  , u know urself o!" RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( I ain't got no love on ma cell or twitter RT  #FollowFriday wir are the followers na تَددرون وَش آلمشكَكَكَله 
الليّ مَمَآلهآ حلَ !
آنَكك تَشششتآآق. . 
- لَ شخَص ,
( غَددى تحَحَحَت آلترآبَ )  (w)     
i miss you brother :'( :-(  I wish it were available for Apple's iBooks app.  I read via my iPad. really??  I don't even understand what is soooo great about her :/ but they like lana AND gaga, don't they? :-O sean dont "This Friday Night"My hair looks like this :-( #StupidBasketball Aw I wish Leina and her glorious Fro could've came The both of them know they work hard and done so many fights its insane. But they are just too good to do anything about it   “  I need to see my baby  I miss her!!!!” we b at Terrell house when I get off work  im at work too! reluctantly went to LPAC after jumpstarting our crap Dodge and loading 3 kids into it.  missed Suz's Musc Def  so ran on that damn trdmill Just want it to be summer  looking through all last summers photos and wishing it was sunny now!!! Argh  please check now. Sorry about that never hit me up. Never making plans with you again! She's my classmate sef ^__^ heeyyyyyyy but nell says i cant talk to u I knoooooow!! I sooooo want itttt I'm homeschooled so I dont get snow days. He was shot by BH members RT  Bomb  RT  Shot or bomb? RT  ChannelsTV Reporter Shot Dead In Kano: with the news of  being out indefinitely due to the middle foot sprain, my worries near as does the end of his career It official .. I need a human tutor if I ever want to learn this..bc none of these computer things are helping me at all weeeerreee so bored Yeahi  RT  Yommii_ U̶̲̥̅̊ carry bayern abi RT  I wish I went to vista True but its to cold outside to go on the hunt. Perhaps just a cup of tea for now  unless you know any you could send to me?! not sure :/ not till September just opened my cheese string and it smells of feet Squat/power clean workout + 6 mile run = aww dont make me feel guilty  and yh im not bad, completely knackered. How are you? I thought it was quite good.. Thanks a lot, Grace  #FeelingHurt Head v hart i just want you to know that i exist miss you I know  we all learn from our mistakes so no lasagne and temple run next time! Ugh I'm gonna freeze my ass off on the bleachers 6th period :-( RT   why are you not coming to philly on your tour?! RT  Can SOMEONE out there get your girl some Dip N Dots? Geeeez...can't find that shit anywhere  #communityserviceblows cause my mom isnt getting them for me .. Thats Why!  lol hmm.. I can't go today. Prob can't until next weekend Selby on for a 147 fingers crossed. Won't be nice for Ronnie if he does. Bang goes the 15k :-( #masterssnooker why do you always ignore me.? I just bought wing stop!!! Going in the basement. CREEPY BASEMENT I WANNA TALK TO MY BF! RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( “ Have you ever had that feeling where u try on every dress/outfit for a night out & so ugly in every one of them ☹” AssignmentRT  I understand everything happens for a reason , but I wish I just knew what that reason is i just want you to know that i exist      2  RT  Bbm's are taken ages to send  so not dingyn anyone!! When your so tired your watching tv and your eyes are shutting that's what the family is afraid of. Maybe it's all the treats, bladder infection.  :sad sigh: :-(  Sat in the dark watching #Hustle because I cant reach the light switch boo! Ridiculous, wouldn't have this if it was BBC ur followers are going UP UP AND UP but guess what!! I'm not one of them no that's my favorite.. Y would u Do that? heyyy me either  wahh RT  Happy Chuck Day! :D Gee thats the last time that can probably be said.. because next week its all going to be a sad tearful day Jarvis don't be mean to me I wanna go Home :-( You are talented really! I just heard your song James, your voice is incredible! 
Hope you cover my heart is broken  RT   Aww i came on too late for Jaden's following spree truth is , I don't know You will never ever follow me !!!  Please Jaden make my day ?? :D&lt;33333 RT  RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Lmao.! Y is it weak?  And Columbia dt....Now thats weak.! lbs Still talk to anyone frm burnside? #doubtit lol no!  I.wanted to do.something wah RT  I want a boyfriend so i can spoil him I miss tigger... I am so glad new house is lovely :) hope my room is set up hehe xxx i know u have many fans and they are always twetting u about folback. and u folback them. how about me? could I please have a birthday tweet,I love you & tweet you like everyday but you never notice me Time to teach this last retarded class! Ugh so over this! dis gal disappeared. Smebdy kindly help me find her. Ayeeee I want  to call me Really wish 2day never existed !! Ok someone help me :) wtf do I get my boyfriend for valentines  ?! I'm stressing out seeing as he's apparently "got a pressie I will love" No hate it when the film takes ages to start&theres annoying folk behind you Worst final I've ever written. I thought French loved me. &lt;/3
#yudothis damn I wanted to go so bad damn it!..quite busy atm with family..sorry zuha I'm not   next friday! are you gonna call me ? ;;) Can't keep feeling like this haha you forgot about me bre i just want you to know that i exist      1 May d perpetrators of today's act in kano nt go unpunished by d measure in which dey killed innocent souls me too  her voice is filled with emotion! the last supper Mood: Sad Me too.. I wish you could come over. 
My mommy's sad too. I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2070 Ur a bastard" ah! chopping red card from both sisters is just sad  , u know urself o!" RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( I ain't got no love on ma cell or twitter RT  #FollowFriday wir are the followers na تَددرون وَش آلمشكَكَكَله 
الليّ مَمَآلهآ حلَ !
آنَكك تَشششتآآق. . 
- لَ شخَص ,
( غَددى تحَحَحَت آلترآبَ )  (w)     
i miss you brother :'( :-(  I wish it were available for Apple's iBooks app.  I read via my iPad. really??  I don't even understand what is soooo great about her :/ but they like lana AND gaga, don't they? :-O sean dont "This Friday Night"My hair looks like this :-( #StupidBasketball Aw I wish Leina and her glorious Fro could've came The both of them know they work hard and done so many fights its insane. But they are just too good to do anything about it   “  I need to see my baby  I miss her!!!!” we b at Terrell house when I get off work  im at work too! reluctantly went to LPAC after jumpstarting our crap Dodge and loading 3 kids into it.  missed Suz's Musc Def  so ran on that damn trdmill Just want it to be summer  looking through all last summers photos and wishing it was sunny now!!! Argh  please check now. Sorry about that never hit me up. Never making plans with you again! She's my classmate sef ^__^ heeyyyyyyy but nell says i cant talk to u I knoooooow!! I sooooo want itttt I'm homeschooled so I dont get snow days. He was shot by BH members RT  Bomb  RT  Shot or bomb? RT  ChannelsTV Reporter Shot Dead In Kano: with the news of  being out indefinitely due to the middle foot sprain, my worries near as does the end of his career It official .. I need a human tutor if I ever want to learn this..bc none of these computer things are helping me at all weeeerreee so bored Yeahi  RT  Yommii_ U̶̲̥̅̊ carry bayern abi RT  I wish I went to vista True but its to cold outside to go on the hunt. Perhaps just a cup of tea for now  unless you know any you could send to me?! not sure :/ not till September just opened my cheese string and it smells of feet Squat/power clean workout + 6 mile run = aww dont make me feel guilty  and yh im not bad, completely knackered. How are you? I thought it was quite good.. Thanks a lot, Grace  #FeelingHurt Head v hart i just want you to know that i exist miss you I know  we all learn from our mistakes so no lasagne and temple run next time! Ugh I'm gonna freeze my ass off on the bleachers 6th period :-( RT   why are you not coming to philly on your tour?! RT  Can SOMEONE out there get your girl some Dip N Dots? Geeeez...can't find that shit anywhere  #communityserviceblows cause my mom isnt getting them for me .. Thats Why!  lol hmm.. I can't go today. Prob can't until next weekend Selby on for a 147 fingers crossed. Won't be nice for Ronnie if he does. Bang goes the 15k :-( #masterssnooker why do you always ignore me.? I just bought wing stop!!! Going in the basement. CREEPY BASEMENT I WANNA TALK TO MY BF! RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( “ Have you ever had that feeling where u try on every dress/outfit for a night out & so ugly in every one of them ☹” AssignmentI'm glad you caught that lol can no longer keep him at our house F*** ! Guess I got no dress now. Just had email to say the dress is sold out arhhhhh  RT   - Aww  hope all is well for you !!! yes, yes, yes paul turner iss weggggg!! I really don't want to be here at school :-( Sorry  I'm just lucky to have good people around me who want to help me excel. Keep looking! YOU FORGOT ALL ABOUT ME Lebay lo ,tinggal makan aja pake di tweet segala haha RT  cant sleep because of the hungry RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Story of my life NEEEEEEEEE!!!! not sure but i am suspecting a bad virus   dont want to invest too much as pc is a missed recall  #mcchat I miss DONNELL so fukkn much.  Brotherrrrr !! they spelt the album wrong  #howdarethey #ThingsICantStand - when you're sure you're losing somebody close to you, but you don't want to say anything incase it makes it worse i generaslly thought that, but then i thought people might think im weird. i want to go as pebbles from the flintstones  xx don't be ashamed, I'm xhosa and I can't speak zulu RT  My zulu is horrible ey  Idk wat to wear for tmr lol its not fair i feel well depressed  x where have those days gone when you could actually meet a nice dude in the clubs?  ^^^ U cant find a man or woman in the club Frankie looks scared. Makin me fell scared it ain't fit tho FACK MAN. Paul neeeeee Hate feeling rough when I wake up from a nap  but my mum knows just how to fix it! #foodiseverything hates crying with my boyfriend  NO WTH Work and a headache  do not mixx empty lol neeee :-( que te pasa? 
Whatsapp Where are u going??  RT  Packing the rest of my stuff Mfs think I'm playing dead ass !!!! Ima twitt pik my empty room .. Awhh that suckss baaaah you saw me at my worst today LMAO bahahah riiiight. :p justtt a jokee... #ooops He did! He's having a great time in the sun, whilst I'm sitting in, feeling sorry for myself, watching American Idol  Aw , everyone's doing something tonight except me jaden you never see me  please follow me, i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me :) #Jadenators 4ever 3 I hate passive aggressive tweets  what's the point? And why can't we all just get along?! "Michelle now you can't go meet jackson hahaha" -LOL  is mean Oomf Dnt Believed I Missed Her Today ! RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" WHY YOU MAKE IT WITH ME? I'M HERE ALL TIME AND JUST IGNORES ME. IT'S NOT TRUE THAT YOU NOTICE ALL OF YOUR BELIEBERS  #NSN 9 RT  RT   I text you yesterday&lt;} never got it pic.twitter.com/C8tlUTjf whats up bby gurl &lt;/3 D: not fair Wow your a flirtt
:) :/ got it! Boo  but i understand i'll just come visit again!!! He come back! But still with her Yes, okay mom, NOW I'd love to come back to Texas! It's supposed to sleet/ freezing rain/ etc. in Kentucky tonight! ugh! :-( Neeeee  #tvoh Don't laugh, its sad  RT  Hahahaha! RT  She blocked me  RT  Lmao (cont) awww i no longer like gypsys!!  and its only just started! sick twats. which reminds me, i never got to finish telling you my story Coody, please follow me, I always try but you never follows  12 Krystal misses you too RT  #london2012 is so close yet so far away 
It needs to come quicker   #really Lmfao trust me gurl I know but my mom didn't wanna be nice and come pick me up  I misss youuuuu Did you get message earlier on Sir ?  x Myn lieve paul RT   yu need help man.. After 3yrs I think say.. Something done change.. cant go on the 30th  xx  neeeee HE SHIT JAMMER PAUL RT  My big Sister is the most wonderful person in the world. I hate that we live so far away  I miss her... neeeeeee Am sorry for ur loss......your reporter in the kano bomb attacks earlier today. you don't do #FF anymore... sad Idk who the hell keeps wishing ill on me .. but I swear I just broke my finger It's starting to be the beginning of the end and I'm so sad. Really? That's how u feel?  its over!!!!! This is your official break up!  RT  Dede -_- &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; What a long week!  tgif! Taking a nap :) No. Its homecoming at school.  i miss you though. Neeeeeeeee It was awful last night. Lots of fighting. But worst: Drunken vomiting into the toilet above our bedroom. Dam I miss my fade already to com saudade do NEEE :-( DAMN, I was downstairs so I didn't see it  I'm gonna have to persuade my mum to get us one tomorrow, mmmm I ignore texts. I let the phone ring. It's nothing personal, but people need to realize that sometimes I just dont want to talk  i know no  I actually wanted to go. Only stress about having hair nearly down to your bum, is blow drying it and straightening it. It takes FOREVER! good bye hair neeeeeeeeee Hahaaa, if ya can't be good be careful! ;) .....god i'm old  lol x My Mum is crying over  Enenche Akwogwu who was brutally slain in Kano today. I followed suit...God rest His soul... I-spy is impossible in the dark RT   wonderful!! :) bless her why not that's deep towi has to go to wal mart to buy a lock bun dat br0. Forever in the 990s :-(can't do anything tonight  #stupidweather Thanks I was on skype to someone else cryyy tomorrow oh wot idek  xxxxxxxxxx oh helllll noooo dont you dare say that! ive been waiting forever  im legitimately dying inside about her bedding range at argos hehe unfortunately not about my nails  x RT  Need 2 grow tall   :'( looks well worth the trip, but same here :-( I love the snow,but all of this just ruined all my plans!! RT  "Michelle now you can't go meet jackson hahaha" -LOL  is mean Ive got elf ears  I know, I wish I got a ticket to see him in time Nee paul :-(  is cool. eeeffff I'm choked as well!! Craigslist is flooded with people wanting tickets not selling aw ok  its cool :) Me so sweepy , I don't wanna go to work  #ineedasuggadaddy Neeeee wish I had money to buy something. YEAH BUT WHATEVER. you wont tell me shit like this so i have to kinda try  hatechu for ruining my fun Want U Back's expected release date is 26/2/12 ok Ima still text you i know  But my dad said me that I can go to Berlin but i can't be there alone... :'( Maybe you go to Berlin? :) &lt;3 yes man mi tex u yesterday nd nt even a reply  gwan man And u werr formin white wine has no effect RT  Ok RT  I'm drunk she actually is, I envy her you never notice me  ... i wish one day you will follow me In bed watching Tangled but want  here. I miss her Just saw the perfect easter dress! unfortunately it's oscar de la renta could I please have a birthday tweet,I love you & tweet you like everyday but you never notice me Hahah foreaal. You ditched me last sunday  Nd i cant dm you cause u aint followin me johh! depresses me What is going on no sound on Stella!! but sound on the adverts!!! What is sky1 doing!!!! I Know I Know, Only Thing Stoppin Me Is No Way There  Make sure you drink enough water and dont eat before. I have almost thrown up myself I love you!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wish you were going to be in Vegas with me  25 baybeeeeeee Ugh , The Way I Feel Right Now Do you think I'll get proper sleep when I'm less tired now?  I could have slept earlier! xD ....I want to fall asleep in your arms tonight. What did I do now . Too many pickles :-( Coody, please follow me, I always try but you never follows  15  I wish it do snow becus it only really snowed here one time that's not nice Awww why so sad *weaves flying bottle of small stout* RT  Mistahcole wish you can notice me and follow me but probably never gonna happen  please prove me wrong and follow me we can still figure out something to do its your bday weekend you gotta have some fun ya I know I miss him terribly i feel so sick  i have a HUGE headache && my body is fricking sore .... I just feel like dieing -.- também to com saudade de você amôoozin Ubersocial why now?? i got a notice a few minutes ago that we're going to get some ice overnight. we're all praying it's minor. Still sick  going to take some more meds, eat, go pee, and pass back out. RT  wicked geh  My frnd jojoophina craves n luvs attention ehhhh!wats wit d dramatic bbm status mssges evry 10mins?? :s i Can't decide a song to play on the piano im gonna forever tweet you untill u notice me  xxx It really wasn't my day today Canal du Midi to will lose 2000 of its 21000 trees because of disease - what a shame! Being a Vegan isn't so hard...i don't miss chicken or dairy at all! Except cheese  i think I can continue this for longer than 2 wks hahaha! sorry i laughed there  oh dear!! I feel your pain, it truely is the worst thing neeeeeee My sub.  RT  RT  #ThingsICantStand people who are loud for NO REASON &lt;3 :-* RT  -___________- RT  I do be missing Da'Vina tho... RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" Have finally conceeded and headed for bed. I'm sinking under the onslaught of a cold virus. I think it might be man-flu I miss not having a tv in my room Ugghhh I never downloaded that song oh my god they are the best!!! I hate myself hahaha  :L Needs something to do, bored  #hmu Ohh , how my stumach hurt I didn't receive it. :-( The mixed signals and sweet lies. Have  led to another goodbye! gosh darnit i lost a follower... im so unlucky with tickets and stuff like that oh that seems so sad awww I'm well jel  looks like I gotta party hard in boring belfast haha xx ;-) Why they taking so long w/ Aaron?  Coody, please follow me, I always try but you never follows  14 RT  Aww I wish  didn't have to move away from   But it's for the better.! Go Justine...! Wish yuh the best gurl.!! Very sad to see  go NO! She's resting CJ! *pushes u out* RT   Bew bew. Help me with my English work staying in watching crap tv (million£drop) on a friday night i feel like ive died a little bit inside “  Heading to north lauderdale ..” That's The Opposite Direction Of Me Hey long time no text or tweet! How come you're not following me anymore? :-( my friend just got a job at the place i applied to...still waiting for the call. Believe Tour is Going To be Flawless!! yeeeeeeah , peroo noseeeee si voy a ir well i had some new pictures to share but if ur gonna be mean i wont play anymore :-( please don't Remember to have your 10 packets of tissues, loooool #BecauseOfYou i can't sleep at night ! Probably my last ever game in and Yeovil shirt tomorrow  #emotional gotta get this tooth pulled All Mac users get untethered jailbreak for iPhone 4S or iPad 2, Windows folks will have to wait  Going to be #WeekendOfHell studying RT   i miss you too bby!! its been forever!  but no need to miss  she aint nobody doe! *pops gum ghetto* Almost finished my book 
This is my favorite one I noticed people have been added to the supporting list, but havent voted yet... That makes me a saaaad Panda :-(but you didn't gimme my skating lessons why you charge me? Booo  missed purolator with my  order. Do they deliver on a Saturday? REPLY make my year At the Galleria by The Wynfrey. Makes me think about the pledge retreat and miss my freshies i feel so lonenly! Because Lorraine's back? RT  Ugh I'm crying Xtina must be crying her eyes out  so many people meeting  ...:) to bad i will never be one of them Why thanks maria! I don't realize how weird my tweets are until i read over them NICE!!!!! SHE'S AWESOME... I'M JEALOUS I haven't worn my glasses in so long... it wasn't that good imo lololol what parts made you sad?  RT  Thinks I'm gonna have to make my own cuppa tea since BOB hasn't made me
One :-( x Echt jammer dat vinny uit jersey shore is I swear ill actually be so sad if you cant come what about manofmuchmetalland? :-( oooooh noo stop it please ahhh nooo why doesn;t the link work Knee hurts aww! I thought presents arrived hmmmmm..... less rings than before is Destini possibly ignoring me I hope not yes I see I wanted to ask Michael to come back to twitter through her but my thoughts were ruined unfortunately :O  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What subjects you do ? !!!!!!!!!!!! There is no Idol without Seacrest. its ok brecii ull get them off 1day. Also, I wish I was there with you guys Don't even no why but I wanna get onit again tonight I wish I was going out  #alwaystomorrow RT  even though there's nomore competition  debating if i wanna go out tonight ? Lol Dre Irritating, I want him to come home oh i so wish i was there to give you a real hug!  praying for you and your fam, D! this makes me so mad Exactly! RT  RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" it wont let me play, says my game will begin with the next question  waaa I wish you didn't get hit in the face yesterday...  but I bet it was funny :) RT  I fil 4his family......e wuz jus 32  RT  RIP Enenche Akogwu...ChannelsTV Reporter... what are you going to do? when you'll be here? WHEN?!?!?! Kinda just want to cry right now whats going on with my twin  i dnt like these tweets Nana & grandad are going Egypt on monday. #sojel Urgh i need food  i'm not joking when i say that there is NO food. I can't even eat fruit Half 4 start urghhh tell me about it I don't wanna go to workyyy  waa i know  and you never talk to me anymore  Not looking like it  looks like a lot of ice and then snow, here we go again...boooo cause I hardly go on it  I am more of a twitter person... Dang... I dnt wanna b da only 1 gettin tatted 2nite i regret that day enormously I've been wanting to do this for two years but nothing's happened. Bloody money gets in the way. I'm really concerned about my severe aversion to tvs being on these days. Its literally ruining my life Listening to nursey rhymes with my brother and its making me mad they are not the same as they use to be I need a mcdonalds. Ok, now fuck off RT  normally i would have corrected you, but i don't know where to start from  RT  aawww, well i :-( RT  There gona be no sqooshy cream tomorrow  booo I love  and wish that he would just notice me  #neversaynever awh and I miss our locker talks with emily  how are you?! They Say U Never Forget Ur 1st Tym.........Well Clearly,'THEY'.....NEVER MET QC & UNILAG GURLS!! nope I need a back massage my back hurts Soo bad No one to talk to  #depressed i wish i had someone like that Oui, il s'est fait insulter! Tired but not sleepy, not good I think its disrespecting because its like they are below you and your stepping on them what time you finish ? emm, not really. Its something to do with her liver but not entirely sure what #Thingsicantstand that  doesn't acknowledge my existence :-( aaa missyutu tayang, long time no see  RT  Ticuuuulll kangen :D RT  sen sen boseeeeeeennn =___= what the actual fuck?    xx Im sad cuz I tried on a bikini at work since I lost weight and my boobs were still too big for it  they won't shrink! I looked sleazy RT  We Miss Shayley oh my god yes  &lt;3 So dissapointed i wish my dad would hurry up & come home lol I dont have your number anymore hope it heals speedily! Poor u! What a freak accident. LOL!!!!!
Mine ain't exactly all gems. So shes put '500 days of summer' on, i dont wish to watch this. I hate when rom and com come together  Omg nee vincent  #tvvv wah. I miss you more I am, as every oda nyt..  RT  I will pray for Nigeria tonite.......will you?  thanks babe! :D let's just hope I don't have to cover it RT  paul is der uit nanananana - ohnee RT  Did my mum just say that i have to pay for my hair/makeup/nails this year for prom!? RAAAAAYJUN  mind you she spent like £400 last year Just dreamt of being in LA. I wish I didn't wake up got the gooodies, lost my dignity...things I do for my friends Sooo cold I only had time to paint three fingernails I need ur help RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" It's raining  okaeeeeeeeeee. what about me Owww nooo, why won't she?!  Im not running tomorrow, so ill :-( Still on for Sunday xxxxxx no, should we have a hot date? Book a table at nandos, cba wiv that see it everyday, wanna feel special I Miss My Boyfriend Neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!! :-( :-( :-( :-( !!!!!!! don't hate me but she already has a winner lol, how I wish I could revisit the burritoful life!  ps, how is that book in the background?Sorry to hear of your father. :-( arm!! JEALOUS I want my tatt session now that's heartbreaking. Aww that was so close, thought he had it  #MastersSnooker n some i am so bad a walking in heels NOOOOO YOU Should have won!!!!! YAYYYY :) btw i didnt get anything in the mail Wah I don't think I'm goin!  tomorrow I got u what do u wear thongs or boy shorts ? :) Wishing I could go to the Evenescence concert since its basically in my backyard barely. Why are teens so stuck up and gobby? yes.i was in the bath for like two hours cause i cba to move..just ate 6 fish fingers & 3 pieces of bread.. #cantbreathe why can't i get my ear ring out :-( Spent $1100 dollars today between school and my car...  #ouch It stays light out so much later here than in NH  #jealous wow . my dad's tradin in his car I can't believe I can't tweet after 2:40  can someone fix the damn wi-fi? #cursed iam doing a personal narrative please help me Man, I'm Fckn BIPOLAR. oh well... LOL the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  86 Everyones busy, no one to talk to Did you not manage to get a ticket?! What a pisser  Next time, though x Sin bateria! Fuck!  agurr twitter I just sneezed and my whole body was in pain I need to get bak to my tumblr! I miss dat shyt! I've jus been too damn tired to tend to it! RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( RT  We Miss Shayley oh my god yes  &lt;3 my Dalmatian Mollie that we got yesterday died this morning. Apparently the change was too much for her. The man ... not sending on my end :-( Just for the record, it's VOCALS & Verses. Not VOCAL & Verses LMFAO LOLOLOL I wish I was there. i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden Monday  Tuesday ;) Wednesday ;) Thursday  Friday  Saturday  Sunday 
FOR ME THESE DAYS ARE WHAT MAKES ME SMILE i want help you,but i don't know how :-( I know. That's the bad part your shoulders that are supposed to be covered ;) lmao. At least you have some heat in your bones, weather here has been shit RT  “ Precious?  &lt; OMG neee . ONE Of my BITCHES Hurt My HEART it's okay I got a 66% D on my physics  I think we need each other as lab partners lol RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) why can't my mum buy prawn cocktail crisps want so many piercings :-( keep thinking I've got mates I just don't feel so happy right now. i think my superpower is being able to get every bit of toothpaste out of the tube. I'm hoping I have another power-that one isn't sexy :-( I know... She might not get #1  Hope she does, that song is amazing! divnt follow me back then, gonna cry cos im not tumblr famous RT  We need to stand up for these poor creatures !!  Sign plz: HELP COYOTES ARE BEING MURDERED   RT heyyyy! I'm heading out to Riverside in an hour, not looking forward to the drive! :-( RT  I have guys hitting me up left and right but the only guy i want anything to do with, isnt one of them Watching captain America. It's not that good Where did the day go? Its already time to get ready for work Read a oneshot earlier that I really wanna read again. Can I for the life of me remember what it was called? No My second cousins having her baby shower tomorrow and I might miss it .. lol Gotze isn't even playing Sunday disapointed :-( ypu are offline now i think  but if u see this (i think thats impossible but...) please follow me, RT me or just tweet me&lt;3 I just feel down the stairs  my cankle hurts! Aww, thats so sweet.. uu gna go hme??.. N Hammersmith on Sunday ;) Lool.. iwas ment to go but the tickets never went thru  x wut part of Jamaica? My man was frm kingston jamaica lost her last August  x No light in the bathroom therefore no late night showers for me I love yooooou :) so sad I didnt get to see you at Friday download  xx sorry if you can't read my writing btw  I just left MAC I didn't see them RT    I wish I was there! hey if u or troy need to contact me....email me....thats the only thing im gettin on this wackass phone :-( LOVE U! PROUD OF U! hate the rain and cold  its such a bully :Z I wish there was a tutti fruity frozen yogurt closer than manchester. ..went straight to sleep LOL!!!!!! hows florida??! salons slow today Hate waitin in the cold  so I made myself busy lmao I'm pose ta b gettn drug tested Monday buhhh I NEED these drugs!! I'm always looking at my followers,  hoping that I can see your name on it.  It would really mean a lot to me. wish I could say the same  lolol aww I wanna! But I'm up early for work, booo  X i guess i have to wait until june 4 so i can ask cheryl to tweet me too.. looool Paris I hate u now ima make guiness punch  I drank a whole jug of it on weds smhhhh I have no control fghjhgfchg and I most likely won't be Nah ill b at tha lion this is going to be the most awkward, uncomfortable dinner of my life. I feel sorry for the people that had to walk home....  Im grateful I have a wonderful mom that brought me home safe :) RT  Those girls who cut their eye brows only to draw them again wt pencils lookin like 'joker' Why? why arent you following back  x Havent talked to my mom all day :-( yeah i did but i swear it wasnt there?  xxx Aww  ♥ Media studies exam today was exceptionally hard today I;ll set fire to the rain, Very unlucky not any at all Oh no.....my tummy hurts Drive A's on demand Pneunomia lol RT  I can't believe Kaylea has ammonia  missin you Kay hope you feel better it means the thing we signed is not really taking effect so we may be scroud soon no more free happiness :-( yes! can we start at like 10 or 10.30?! i just got home & need to eat damn. I never get any love oh that's good then who
Sold all them I only sold 20 and hardly any raffle tickets  I'm sooooo xcited no noooo not Kirk  Nicola can go but not Kirk he's brill!I can't reply to your message unless you follow me. Twitter said I want girl scout cookies RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) So unbelievably sad that Etta James passed away. Was just listening to her on my way to work this morning  such a beautiful voice. im
Workin tomorrow cba :-( Man I had a :-) Nd :-( day today Daag paul  i still love you!!!! #tvoh SAMEE  but what can we do eh Here goes watching a show  desperate housewives with pennilyn  last few was with  waaa if only  and  would follow me  &lt;3 so sad watching you leave the dumping ground  please come back? love you.. ugh I know! I am going I find a patio now! I wish it was going to have both of you there My horoscope is right. trying to watch Stella but no blooming sound!!  Sort it out Sky!!! Aw, man! I left my camera under your bed the last time I went to your house.  Darn it.  #creepierin2012 Was Lookin at  at utube oh... Snap guess was i saw rey wasen't there RT  They Say U Never Forget Ur 1st Tym.........Well Clearly,'THEY'.....NEVER MET QC & UNILAG GURLS!! you're never going to follow me are you? my knee is swollen had subway for dinner last night  im killin these poptarts never give up devam o latlhisitse RT  I still get emotional when my brother asks abou my ex...cnt come up with a convincin story RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" i miss you tooooooo! :-( RT  Boobs are killin me n I got a headache There's a Peruvian food truck at work today and I brought lunch from home ._. no please don't say that its going to make me miss home even more RT  RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Life is like a song. RIP Etta James. but to the point where we cant even upload faster than 2kbps?  that's not what we're paying for. no I'm at my dads office right now.  Idk how this will work out.. I wish you were staying till tomorrow, she doesnt work! i miss and love you soo much pawpaw, i cant beleive its been this long,
RIP &lt;3 #BecauseOfYou I'm still hurting. I'm trying; I'm just fed up now  loveyou!xxxxx that's the problem  lol 14 reds and 14 blacks from Selby, then misses a long red  #Snooker #Masters I suppose to b on a lunch date right now :-( I had chocolate fingers the lot! At the ready  Miss the bidzzz I wish I shat everyday  lolololol #jk #butrlydo RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) do you love snow? I never see that, just in a movie omg same! I'd love to meet Eleanor though, but I'd feel like a potato I HAVE TO GO TO ROME! ITS MY DREAM Truck Outside, But Can't Find The Keys can u go on mp im lee bored :L Tried to convince my professor that my project can be developed as open source. Will only be if customer jumps ship :-( i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    10 my cake is all gone nowww I missed it was cute til she jibbed me off for Janis  haha, I took you calling me 'nig' as a compliment! hope your exams are going well :) PLEASE THERE IS STILL LOADS OF PLACES LEFT COME COS I DONT WANNA BE SITTING ON MY OWN Good Morning ....slept in & missed my cycling lessons about cleats... #notgood :-( I want my lap top back  so mad I gotta get it fix burn out on me He's not gonna take his nap anytime soon!!!  #PoorAunty RT    :-( me to I wanna cuddle  You Had A Choice Girl ehhhhhh  when? My tummy hurts it looks like nothing MEGA will be UPLOADING anytime soon was miserable before i met him.. i think that means i will be going back to being miserable again.. he's my world Etta James is dead?! Oh wow, she was amazing  At Last is one of my top 10 songs ps you don't have to do it sunday, I laaavvv your ear Screaming the house down thinking   tweeted me it was a fake account  #sadtimes&lt;3 I wanna go to the party.. I have over 60 drafts cause my tweets won't load for the one direction competition :-( but I've tried soooo hard x Na 20 oh :-( RT  Its not funny o,like 8bombs in different locations..Sir_Akoh: Bomb Bomb Bomb RT  Kano!!!Kano!!!Kano!!! I think I'm really going to miss Hustle when it's gone awk really want true blood to start again  #TBWithdrawl RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( -you forgot me RT  Me don't want no snow Sleep time was cut short 5-2 Murphy, Selby pulls one back with a 112 break, shame he missed out on the 147 break I know now who's gonna pick on my hair and feet?? word twin  but I think it def will if my car wasn't barried I'd be d. I know RT   you said dreams came true... you had a little wrong... because.... You don't know that i exist! RT  My head hurt so bad. I just wanna curl up & cry!! marked me as spam Pasta.. but of course you can't eat it  What's yours? :) x So difficult to stay positive when everything seems to be going horribly wrong :-( , aweee  I called you . What's wrong with your phone ? i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    9 I thought I was your son  #sadtweet To bad..... yes I know! Hahaha. Today & yesterday made me realize how much i miss you!  I was going give you a hug and talk to you today after school before you left, but i couldn't find you  Whenever i go onto tumblr i go to the blogs i like and reblog everything then after an hour its boring  x oh eck   how about hooking the other side up to battery ?  *sniggers* it snowed all on my hair :and my color start drippin everywhere lmaooo really want to drive somewhere and get lost so I can test the sat nav !... waiting for it to charge first  Such a sore throat, hurts to swallow that's why I hate you kick a man while he is down !  xxxHope your having a good day! My flu has come back with a vengeance! Not a happy Knightgirl :-( I dont have class sorry boo i'm not in the video #disappointed RT  The moment when you miss someone who doesn't even know you exist. Boo and hiss looks like I've got tonsillitis Too bad it's not working for fans outside the US  xoxo from France Ashley :) Hope to get the chance to meet u 1 day ... Truce? I wonder how it feels to get noticed by  on your birthday. Its my birthday today, please follow me? well 4get u 2 den RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( It's so sad to see Natan go! I wanna be at the mzra3a right now  *pokes  * Noo think the twins will go  #CBB &lt;--- not following me no more , my side hurt Follow back? mis you Of course nah. Na 1 remain tho RT  Ɣǒǖ   G̶̲̥̅Õ̳͡ play tomorrow RT"Yommii_: Yeahi  RT (cont) RT  Ugh I need new Tay pics.  I am tired of editing the old ones!! RT  I'm going to have a cold soon Cold &tired... Gotcha! Too bad we have to consider it tho. Dry AF at work Lawd god this traffic :-( Need someone to crack my back for me... In so much pain  epidural would do nicely At work ..!! I can't even face my father ... That will Hurt him. i am tryying!  but i didn't even know where to find your 'mention'  my tweets are thoughts not worthy of a #facebook status! RT  Those dreams where you wish you were still sleeping because they're that good If i got stranded in themiddle of the ocean with NO boat ill juss die frm a heart attack. Like forreal theres big things in.the water My plant is dying.. She gets no love RT  4 rescue boats at wallace marine lake trying to rescue people stuck in the water.... #please pray. so scary jaden you never see me  please follow me, i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me :) #Jadenators 4ever 9 O gosh. I'm not feeling well I can only laugh .. although it was sad and sick that I felt I'll pick you up . || RT   ( I'm not going no ride :-( gutted  didnt see my tweet just as he tweeted before  sad would actually buzz I want it ...  Dark Inspiration: Grotesque Illustrations, Art, and Design: Grotesques & Eroti... " Aww  - - being the kid in the front of the class with no desk to put ur feet on omg you are so late lol she passed this morning :-( Ugh that run killed me  I'm freeeeeezing I am freezing !!!! I hate #winter !  and no Curtis to keep me warm #NotOk #armygirlfriend About to snowblow this driveway : ( #Losing what's wrong ? I did for a while and then they got lost between houses  I still LOVE the first UT album!! I had a t-shirt ha! WTF moment: tonight is my last night in my 30's!!!!!  wtf! It will snow in New York, USA tonight too. Very cold!! we just abandoned me abi I don't love u anymore RT   please, if you come to germany. pleasein the holidays or near stuttgart  if not i would die (xx I love  ! Wish him and kirk's mum Julie were a couple I feel like ughhhhh so tired I only want this, a follow from u ( but probably this will never happen. so i should start un believing It's always her and never me !  &lt;\3 Oh and would you please ask The IT Crowd to sort Ranger out? It's not working and I want to put yearbook pictures up! S/O to my new follower  my babyyy. Miss you waaaaay noufoo ou way3a goulay mashala 3ad ana broo7e 3ala 6raif la t5lene a5tha mo2ajaal looool #ThingsICantStand when i'm not with my handsome babe 6  sorry been tweeting the wrong thing... sorry for the span folks  just getting everyone up to speed 68 to go Why bby? awww, baby  please, tell me what's wrong... #Truth RT  Man, I'm Fckn BIPOLAR. oh well... LOL  i wish i could go tell mama to bring narnia and Harry potter sorry stef I can't.. I'm going to the improv with my mom.. :-( Oi! And right now im pissed there was no direct bus to amherst from boston.. Thanks #peterpan 1 hour delay You're scaring me... RT  I hate when I wear out my battery before happy hour I'm cold RT  boys are like purses; cute, full of crap, and can always be replaced RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( It can go down hill very quickly :-( Searching for the dog is aming gestopt met tenchi ? I need to see more Bruno concert videos  it depresses me that no tour = no live videos & Bruno-nesss. I hurtt everyyone x( sowwiee marissa oh i missed your answering again..  i would never spam you,  and all i want is one little tweet :) please? xx My phone isn't gettin any love what so ever : ( I was literally 5 inches away from  & she didnt even notice me! Tonight?! Nap before my next meeting at 6 : ( JUST NOTICE ME  XXXXX THE ONE I CAME TO I WAS NOT FEELING SPECIAL come back WHAT!! No!! That makes me sad That would make Sam Ric's daughter. Don't they have the same dad?  #sarcasm bye, bye beach RT  RIP MEGAUPLOAD really need you to help me with my french revision  ( live on im so proud of my bestfriend , i love you your growing up to fast  #centralalabama #CACC ! Aww my mom is hungry  (Idk why she just wont cook) but im about to get her a plate from flames :) Sadly this is not news to me!!! :-(
Mexico’s do-nothing legislature: The siesta congress | The Economist RT    Its not that kind of oh  ...it was an excited one Ew, I had a dream about Ben Bruce, but it DID not look like him, but it was him he was so ugly in my dream though. i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    18 my only dream is that  follow me!!  and I have this drean since 2009!! ( RT  I need to get bak to my tumblr! I miss dat shyt! I've jus been too damn tired to tend to it! im really bad at making desicions Sometimes I wonder if I'll have a valentine this year but I don't think soRT  S/O to my new follower  my babyyy. Miss you Julias making me sing for her... Jessie pleasee follow me ive been trying for the past year on my other account but you haven't noticed me if you follow me would make me happy  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH ! 90p left and 3 weeks till pay day, sucks to be poor shit i wear sneaks most of the time!! #FF  because he's trying to get Twitter famous and he spat on me once This migraine is the worse I've had yet  into the cupboard I go #justcallmeharrypotter ouchie aha well text me now! 330 265 5327 What a beautiful day to play in the sun, too bad I gotta work. Miss davina so much every eviction night  #cbb I might be about! Shift me? Training Sunday morning though  Sick of being back to footy already!! #LOLJKIHATEBEINGINJURED Aww jst b hapi boo RT   truth is , I don't know I no closer to you than austrailia is I'm jealous. Your so perfect. RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" RT  I wish I had a boyfriend  #teamfollowback&lt; THIS BY FAR, IS THE MOST DESPERATE TWEET I'VE EVER COME ACROSS RT   I lowkey miss my wife &lt;3 i knowww  #iwanttocomeback JUST FIN LAST LECTURE. WOO! BISH BASH BOSH! gotta to learn it all now though  SO excited for monday night #gonnabeSOmessy awwwww i miss you too ! I hate that I have no appetite when I'm sick. But I feel sooo hungry. With Joseph (y) I love him. &lt;3 BUT he's gunna leave  (h) Whoa! Lol Youokay hun? Sorry about this week, I got totally fucking confused about payday lol. Its next week :-( haha Ash no se ve mi video en Facebook Too dang pretty out to be cooped up with the sickly!....ok let me get out the car! :-( I miss when Big Brother #CBB used to have new housemates go in mis-series (and not just because others had walked) wheeeere are my frieeeends This challenge is a #Fail so far im scared that kid sean....  he cant.... OMFG GIAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Selby nearly getting a 147. 14 reds & blacks then missed the 15th red  good grit and determination by the lad to dig deep like that! Hate arguing Please? it is snowing Yepp :) i wish you could come to the game RT  I still haven't played this run temple game selby losing to murphy nooo i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    21 Catched a damn cold....I wish someone would cook some soup for me Birthday incoming. Quarter life crisis imminent. What the fuck I'm not 25 I only have 30% done fml. RT  “ Precious?  &lt; OMG do you play fifa, i got you in a pack then sold you, sorry, i shouldnt have sold you Might just have to have a little sleep before Tomm gets here. Omg Mee Nd Lexii Sick .! Ughh .! Hurry Up Summer .! : ( Awwwwww babe  She's gorgeous....wish I could say something to help u hun,xxxxx Just had a very girlie moment playing in make-up lol .... Now my eyes are irritated from all the washing and re applying Ive done  ... :) I can't keep shit down today #NW coach carter...think its tha end tho RT  RIP Etta James! : (  - Blues To The Bone - The Sky Is Crying:  via Cant wait fur my laptop 2 b fixed i feel lost without it Wat did u say 2 annoy d person?? RT  #InOtherNews sumbori punched my eye 2day My friends suck and they keep showing me scarey movies 19:19 you need to be american  #CanadianProbz if I wasn't already doing shit Dont Cry Waitin on my cookies Ii was stretching andd caught ah Charlie Horse  #Ouchhh ! Don't really find it funny  and  telling me these plane stories RT  what am i gonna do with out kiana and amber tommoro If Ur Bf Calls U More Than Twice Erryday,Not That He's Caring.......NOPE! NIGGA JUST DOESNT TRUST YA!! RT  Buurrrrr....it's cold in this room &lt;/3 Someone text me! Stuck in tonight :-( #desperatetimesiknow  Our school plans on doing the #everyfifteenminutes program. Some of ny best friends got picked. I'm scared I've been trying so hard to get a follow back from you. Please follow me  in not back in bmore yet bye boosieeeeee . Win the game tonight for other boosieeeeee Na people like you dem suppose sue   RT  Lmao! I saw that caming" sorry, I just saw your tweet. I WISH  by the time school ends, I will be up there to visit :)) RT  I really hope this snow/ice storm doesn't happen.. i'm jealous 19:19 boo  when we get back! couldn't learn tarikh w joghrafiya -_- and arabic i'm doing my best french is being complicated and also science Crush That Food;But It All Came Up i think girls should all know how to jumpstyle.. life would be happier  #Hardcoretothefloor! So, am all ready. Hair, check. Slap, check. Douche, check. Knickers, nah. Now where the fuck is he? Think we may have been let down ehhh some bitch  called kayla  im out w.e like dick im out i will hiut u up later i feel like a dick now safeeeeeeee Boo i want a new texting buddy since my 2 just like dropped off the face of the earth Can't get comfy My grades all fucked up iwas just finna get my phone bak. but icant cause ididnt bring my id home I started crying & my make up ran Carolita, hace mucho que no hablamos  i miss youl. So lonely I miss i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    20 oh dear you been a naughty girl? :-( 1 week til  in Joliet!!!  Woo Hoo!!  Still wish I would have gotten VIP. :-( Still can't wait! Not happy I'm going to have to drive in all this snow... #ThingsICantStand Chuck ending Matt Thompson hates me the sad moment when you can't get  Believe tour tickets  &lt;/3 This no voice thing is getting kinda old, I want my voice back What a busy day today, tired little bird RT  man , i wanna go by eric & rob !!!!!!!im scared its gone for good  hope its in my car wow alex thats hurts :-( Noooooh why why why :-( THIS!!!! ---&gt; " Ugh I need new Tay pics.  I am tired of editing the old ones!!" Play wisely tomorrow RT" Of course nah. Na 1 remain tho RT  Ɣǒǖ  G̶̲̥̅Õ̳͡ play tomorrow RT"Yommii_: Yeahi  RT I miss   and  more than anything in the world  ill be back soon im starting to get better #loveyous I'm on the bus with Craig by myself ! It's all your fault sorry for your loss boo  he's in a better place and yuu kno he up there laughing like my bestfriend is doin da damn thang I just started and I hunt in person... I have no idea how to help you  sorry!! Tonight Is Gonna Be Longgggg :-( "  &lt;3" - Ed Sheeran is so fucking lucky RT   Haha Ahh! Foreals  dude I have class w. That girl next. Great huh... :/ that's not Austin!!! Getting a little sad, i dont wana leave my friends and school yet.  that homework took forever! i thought it was just one but i got 3 more to go  time for a food break though I would have more but Brian deleted 2k of them  lol I miss my bae Staying in tonight feeling sorry for myself because I'm ill  booowring.. wow. DISLIKE! you know you're getting sick when you get goosebumps in the ues  I have follow limit sorry i'm going too! i didn't even know to think about it when i bought my package “ yes cousin we are apart at the moment”--ima need y'all to get it together  love yu cousin!  im at work too!  that suck :-( My BFF  sucks! hope things get better for u luv.. U kno u can hit me if u need to talk  En route hospital  want someone famous to tweet me That's so not cool dude! Now you're making me jealous! :-( stop RT she's so pretty Today is just not my day Being me is awesome. Get to do what, i want when i want. Not at work of course :-( Roll on vegas!!! i miss you too  very much!!! ugh I how can I go from having such a good day yesturday to having a horrible day today.. til next time my friend jaden you never see me  please follow me,i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me :) #Jadenators 4ever 11 tripped up the stairs, dropped my drink and twisted my ankle when I do get the opportunity, it is all I do too! Our local channels do not show too muich sport apart from local soccer :-( Omg  I've lost so much followers recently  could anyone give me a shout out? I'll return the shout out of course! Would be a help! It hasn't changed for me yet that's insaaaaane I can't get past like 100,000 RT  If Ur Bf Calls U More Than Twice Erryday,Not That He's Caring.......NOPE! NIGGA JUST DOESNT TRUST YA!! i wanna do it to Who did that? Why the heck do I keep getting rejected by financial aid!!! its4:20 wow  ill take the cold and snow..Hahaha RT  I've just watched coronation street! Why isn't there any Carla and Peter moments on coronation street anymore? I miss them Tucked up in bed with a lemsip on a Friday night #WTF Burnt my finger So me and my buddy Tyler are hardcore fans and were going to the Friday show, but someone pickpocketed our tix in the line Early night for me ... Feeling ill 
#NotAFridayNightFeeling I reallllllly wanna talk to william right now, where is his phone!? sheesh i wish you was he is bad lol RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" RT  Gerard, how can you pull any hair colour off, I'm jealous My lips sore D; Think I've bit it. RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" im not giffing  camtasia trial expired (live at I know. I will. For Etta!! Noo, I just saw this news about Etta!!! aww that's a shame  weel fill you in after it :p have a fab time at the party see you next time hopefully :) xxx but you haven't text me So I really wanna do something tonight and my main chick isn't here cc:  .... good luck! i hear everything in chicago is closing from the snow  safe travels! we almost won RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  and  R-T if u followed! :)x im over here in tears cus my lil neice made me a birthday card & she not here Won't be missin bible study or rehearsal with the new place of employment but I will have to miss church sometimes  hopefully not a lot Birthday shag.   I promise it'll only be missionary *fingers crossed behind back* Can't believe I missed Emeli Sandé on Jools Holland  Need to iplayer that shit! im sure esther will be fine wait is she crying  xx why maxine child wanna cook some chicken i dnt eat that shucks! just packed the car with all the sisters stuff! dont leave mee  ill miss you lotss! #BecauseOfYou OMG!! THIS SONG oh yesssss chicken lil didnt mean to  🐤 Dying for a drink... I wish you'd surprise me with a meal  RT  I'm about to surprise Loren with a j. Jan's almost done... *sigh* I'm dreading that day... I have a bump under my nose every time I go to dig n touch it hurts I won't sum candy rit now :-(  u tweeti but not answerin my damn calls lmao serious tweet in zn  's: Meehh RT   I really wish you were too.  #MissYouuuu i'm missin you! Wish I had a car no chance Cini aku peyuuk ;;) RT  Hug me pleeeeaaaaaseeeeee....miss u so much.... summer is coming soonCan't find my ipad I wish I could laugh  but my voice just aint here. just found out tht if you keep on begging a star to follow u, they will but  then they think u r sme crazy stalker  im am confused What a sad day. My big ihome broke  #musicdisadvantageoverhere lolz i hate gambling man. Spunked £6 in the roulette again here comes more rain! not good for already flooding Oregon  #toomuchtoofast i have just kneed myself in the face twice  UGH im so stupid !!!!!! It's 4:20 and I'm not high Anyone else using the new Twitter design? looks weird... dont think i like it I miss him.. Seriously.. Why he tak reply stupid snow..won't be going to moncton to see the Short Dance tonight  #CANFS12 Yeah! I'm on my iPod so I can't ask questions  But I still love watching it. Although it's always buffering Too Bad I Cant See Him This Weekend : ( Its colddddd Ugh! I miss my boyfriend I forgot about u  lol miss you too  come visit me soon But I love you &lt;3 #OneThingThatWouldMakeMeHappy is getting a tweet from      please tweet me!! If u don't see Red Tails today Haiti might experience another natural disaster  #SaveHaitiSeeRedTails What am i gonna do with out my phone??? too much,we should probably stop :p :)  (^…^) I can't even c my car :-( yea my friends call me that.. only my close ones, i realy am not sure y. they say its cause i look like a bird with my nose i guess i have to wait until june 4 so i can ask  to greet me too.. jaden you never see me  please follow me,i from Dominican Republic, and you 're very special for me :) #Jadenators 4ever 14 Bú “   yes we do feo nunca me llevaste a ver #Warrior asssh  la voy a rentar  can we watch it together plz I'll get pizza RT  Hey you see how i got my wife  back ... Yea she said we cant be friends sorry why I can't connect with my Facebook account from your web site? Can you please watch me latest OCE and possibly drop it a like? It doesn't even have 50 views mybad I didnt mean to send that #teamfollowback  don't watch that srry toch aw  it's okay. i cant stand that 1D are coming to dublin in 4 days , im not even going Don't you hate it when your laptop dies on you!? Ugh not having a good day today Oh no! Without you TVOH means nothing  But remember to still FOLLOW YOUR BLISS forever, no mather what! We'll support u xx This is not the weather to wear Jordans lol always trying to push my buttons “ Friends Turning 18 & Have Fun, While I'm 17 Doing Nun &lt;&lt;” Don't want to sit myself doing nothing tomorrow night Anonymous asked:  sorry for that. im sure angela will get one, and then mom, poor nathan  ill give him this one and buy a new one! i came to BBC studios the other day to give you my amazing present that took me like 7 hours to make but didnt see you so dangerous! i don't htink cheney believes in plowing roads either I feel like watchin Cadillac Records Now  #R.I.PEttaJames me too  it really annoyss me ! oh no :-( i may go to bed you don't wanna even see me today anyway ive spent the day like vomiting and i look dead xxxxxxx Cant sleep now Too cold to walk home  someone come get me lol I'm so sorry for that guy *sigh  RT  I know this  RT  That awkward moment when you're trying to get over someone you weren't even dating YES. I'm kinda bummed I'm not seeing him April tho  BUT HEY. PUNK AND RYDER. Friday nights without wine is like Easter without chocolate  I hate dieting.... ZZZzzzZZZzzz. -_- Michael doesnt have any family or friends there for support  wish I could nominate myself! #voteformichael I'm sorry  wanna do lunch this weekend or something?? Chillin #missmybabymuchly  xxx Ur Fake To Me Now here it rains every day D: And it's also so cold, I hate that وخرررجت I really actually enjoy doing laundry. LOL. I just hate putting clothes away! Main room house is all sounding the same  sweeds, gold, third party everyone surprise me RT  I want a boyfriend so i can spoil him I'm crying at the weirdness of people on this bus ME AND OLIVE AND A FEW OTHERS ARE THE ONLY NORMAL ONES i dont get this  someone has been spreading something about me, i know it!! some people have said that i told on a girl that shes gonna(c) I hate my self I've never had a headache this bad before.... gutted. Looks great on iphone though R.I.P Etta James! Was just the other month me & mum were singing your songs in a London karaoke bar! You will be missed  &lt;3 saddest story ever told  #CatLadyWithNoCat you know this! YES uve abandoned me :-( just saw your new avi &i so wish i was there me!!!! but i don't stay at home are you feeling better?  I'm so worried about you OMG!  doesn't reads my tweets I have to baby sit noooo I've been ill this week so I haven't been on babes  xxxxxxxxxxxx sameeee   wanty poke maself why do i always believe you then i end up getting hurt, wanker :-( ooo what time !? Cause I don't get off work until 730 very sorry to hear that Eric yeah I know!! I'm such a loser!!! i miss my Don't worry, Everything will be fine! &lt;33 I will soon, I also gotta stop going McDs every day for lunch :$ Why would you wanna stay sad? you think that's bad? try hearing about how beautiful the girls are there  this is torture...can you still come next year? i love how  dont talk about canada or give canada a shout out  &lt;/3 omggg its gone too fast Have my drama exam today !!  xx... Wish me luck !! I hate when my loofa gets caught on my belly button ring  #ouch! Damm heartburn NO-ONE FOLLOWED  FOR ME  ? i swear I'll give everyone who follows him, 53+ followers. Tweet me "DONE" when you finished.dude today was my Last day in school and i didnt get to see you i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    37 I LOVE UUUUUUUUUUUU, so please  can u make me very happy and #followmejaden xx RT  Sad stuff RT  soo   leaves 2mao *faints* #thatawkwardmomentwhen I'm still the same :* &lt;3 just tired and stressed out as f*ck  #blameitonschool DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" (via A bikeride sounds so amazing right now. Why does my bike have flat tires RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Willis to UK!  Would have loved to see him as a card but I'm glad he stayed in state! Come to France please :) alomost 2 year that you played in Paris RT  #ThingsICantStand Missing my friends, wah! Back too work oh yeah i saw  poor Jake :/ he deserves some sugar from Josh for his troubles! i'm upset too.  just prepare yourself for tomorrow. :) you okay kimmy?  &lt;3  I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 46 come to norway ffs ring meeeee ring meeeee )07583728071 xxxxxxxxx  she turned the tv on :) ( live on well fine then be like that haha awh i have math next semester played my guitar for the first time in forever! my fingers are so sore now yh i know RT  Ok, its official I miss my friends from Cos.  everyday it was something new! Don't do it man! “ I'm about to give up on a new Mac pro update from apple. I guess back to windows for me.    ?” eu n sou ciumenta I wasn't there because of my ankle. It swelled up like hell :-( and really hurt. I had seen the film though :-) was it good? Didn't notice ,sowie..RT   ogbo ma hairstyle and bear bear no fit me? Oh Hell No; Dey Doin Too Much, I Gotta Get A Perm Nd Shit !! Nothing  Just gonna hangout with my cousin (: Damn, I can't go to the game now Hahaha, allways! xD Oooh, now I miss that roadtrip in Swedeeen.... I need to talk to my bestfriend RT  " Got My Phone Call From Y.P-Money Today Saying Hes Tired Of Eating Porridge #Lmao #3Him" Awww, I Feel Sorry For Him Man  . Ass hurts from sitting to long Time to shower for work  couldn't get out of going #sadashell Didn't get my haircut! Havent had a night out with my girls in ages Definitely caught a cold. Sneezing/coughing/can't breath  #go awayyy Battery 15% Please bring new private practice to irish tv  major withdrawal symptoms Yesssssssssss!  :-(  RT" Noooooooooo! RT   I'm talkin to sumee sumee sumee sumee" RT  Enenche Anogwu. He was only 31. May his soul rest in peace. I got the kids but I need my nails done bad Sorry ☹ RT  Dammit!, headache Tooth it hurting  #pain You deserve so much better, realise it 2 hour exam on my birthday!  #why  Romeo to be evicted!! Can't believe he out Frankie up Sorry, but not yet  "  Hi, is there any indication when Crocodile Bridge Gate will be re-opened? #krugerfloods" chula!!!!!!!! te extranio! . i miss you whorebag. RT  I heard Paul just had to leave the voice of Holland  nahwww Time 4 my head to hit the pillow with ear ache and more drops in again : ( . #fedupofthisnow! Xx No time for you my dear twitter... never getting this cap like Cba hahaa. I don't have any ice at home i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    36 gonna be another week Just lost To  So I Have To Follow Him i cant believe i got work 2mr.. an 8hr shift aswel Throat hurts... I'm in the wrong? :-( the majority. rain makes a day so gloomy me too! I never get to see you enough excellent—I couldn't manage without live view. It gets more tricky through a telescope :-( : That sucks i lovee you tooo! i missed you today.  i was lost without my other Lopez! I would be watching something online right now but stupid SOPA blocked everything Even the laptop isn't giving proper heating to me is it only for those who live in USA? hungry again  something is wrong with me OMG PAUL....  #veryverysadface #samenmetSophie #dieheeftookeenveryverysadface  guys, I miss Christian. RT  One Direction in Wales tomorrow, who's going to see them? Make me jealous because I didn't get tickets when i clean my room and have to get rid of clothes i dont wear  breaks my heart lolol I need a cuddle buddy May He R.I.P.. Its sad  RT  We officially confirm the death of Channels Television reporter ... Damn shelf fell on my toe. Now it's all purple, ugly and won't stop pounding :-( Poo. Wish I saw my best friends more     #crycry my knee just keeps getting worse,my foot is hurting again & everything about my dad's house isn't really helping  is your site down? Nd it seems like theres literally nothing i can do where the fuck did all my pictures on my phone go!! there not here yet  #sadtweet My uterus hurts No don't do it babe.....don't like tattoos :-( Nm I hate justin bieber .... Just coz he never went out with me  .... Naa now I really hate him , but 1D all the way xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Don't know how I always end up being the bad person boy that hates me  #rememberwhen I did the cinnamon challenge and you were our camera man :') good times&lt;3 u r! Well u crack me up! Would include  but alas she never tweets the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  89 miss you too I wish iwas going to see Drake . Ima Cry now I spent ages looking for that in maths too No  , my phones dying.you started it RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" man i swear i aint never gettin my car..... Really miss programmes like Chucklevision and Bazil Brush i understand that being famous must be difficult, but im asking only one thing to follow me.  &lt;3 1 RT  So mad jaunitra and mya are gone  love you guys . you played me over here in Germany it's cold and rainy ... but no snow ahh, me neither aha  Sameee, I want a body warmer! hey how are you #pleaseNOTICEinevergetnoticed #ThingsICantStand that  is so far away :-( anlamadım lan kime dedin RT   
: ( Kayanah Never Hmu anymore My back is so sore Im all sad now and shit . I dont even know what to think anymore ! Fuck you ! I need to talk to  . I'm really cold : ( awww that man needs a good slap in the face Half bottle of Jack and I still feel sober, a pint of cider and I feel drunk as fuck  wtf?! #AwkwardTimesWhen you sing a song lyric before it comes but you sing it wrong and look like a diiiiiiiickhead RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" he is not?  ohhh no  he is lossing to much lately  me too! #voteforjustin :) I went back to using hamachi. I don't know what to do with this dedicated server though. what u guys havinnng?  iv only got a cuppa tea could I please have a birthday tweet,you are amazing & an inspiration! i tweet you like everyday but you never notice me I wish sometimes you'd post links that ACTUALLY play on my crapberry... But alas  I'll have to rely on when you post lyrics. I know You never answer my tweets...  But I love U!! Ugh Why do I always manage to mess things up?! I want some bitch  id keep u company but then they'd really think we gay lmao ill have to init cause no girls will like me  I miss youuu RT    I knowww, summer 2011! :-( every monday i have 5 classes ..back to back I missed making dem I'm not up to much either Oh noooooo! 😔 RT  My Le Creuset casserole dish broke que triste :-( minha sidebar kkkkkkk i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    43 There's a burn on the roof of my mouth and it hurts I guess Colin and Claudine have gone underground.. no sightings today yeah i want that not seen them all! only seen series 1 and 2 episodes of series 2 :-( watch them on 4oD :D &lt;3 OK OK I will have to use my inner tweet from now on. So sorry RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-"  No need for crying to beautiful for that RT  I started crying & my make up ran haha is that where y'all going? And I have no money “ Staying in on a Friday night #bliss” not bliss... Killa  I hate it x its okayyyy  I'll just spend the night bored and all alone :'( &lt;/3 hehehehe jokes. Have a good time at tennis exactly. Why must we not have that ability I miss some feelings that I would never get it again.  CNY dun seems so happy now. Hai. I want to come see you guys! pagaling ka...GOD bless &gt;:D&lt; kind of yuckyish   trying to keep my chin up. i just want everything to go away ::(( RT  Gonna miss my chalkboard wall D': but I guess a new one is good too I wana marry a Muslim woman, but I don't think they like me RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Oh dear another night of Eastenders and no Janine  #soapcrush my mama said she gon get me taco bell & not McDonald's Looking at his pictures and thinking, OMG! I'm missing him... Was running home from the bus stop, feel and now have cuts all over me!  ahhhhh  #inpain   RT  , I wanna go to the game : ( good luck on your #trurocity first team debut tomorrow shag wish I could come south London and watch  #myhero #bestfriend #legend I hate smell of fried plantains and it's coming from my room Yeah I know,  I meant another extra practise..I'm scared & I need underwear, but I wanna go wing wah too RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" If I really have to go home I'm gonna be sad. I don't wanna leave my Bestfriend I can't lie saying I know how it feels but I know I feel sorry baby just please be strong for me &lt;3 RIP Uncle Les and Dougie,  sleep well in heaven with Nanny&lt;3&lt;3 twitter won't let me follow you :) thank you i feel a lot better now! its good thanks, 3 essays to do by wednesday though  how about you? miss you xxxx check it out... I don't wanna be one of those : ( i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    42 Omg why can't I revise?! Can't even put in to words how badly I'm going to fail.. Fail to prepare, prepare to fail  #uhoh i've started to knit a cardy for my little grandaughter, hubby said i should knit it bigger cos she be teenager by the time i finish it : ( Much needed/ grateful. Erm think I gotta work tmra night  if game's off during day. If not. Sumet after work? Or sumet Eish and u laugh at my pain  lol RT  LOOOOOOOOL! Ke mathatha mos RT  She hasn't said a word ... I've just been really busy with school and stuff. i understand that being famous must be difficult, but im asking only one thing to follow me.  &lt;3 RT  Every channel I change it over to is extremely sex related and my mum and little sister's in the room cant even c u all!!! aint know when im back RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" I swear my pimples is come in THE WORST places ever I still havent got my birthddaay shOut ouut Fromm Poor my little bro  &lt;3 bummer I think me and chloe t are going in at about 12 dunno if chloe b's comming tho xx Work till 1030 oooh  fack ! aw  What'd you read? trankis befa no pound tonight  #sadnight " 38% of American men say they love their cars more than women." RT  My neighbour is parading her jugs in full view of my 4000x zoom telescope- it's disgusting ! it was successful, praise God!!..def in a lot of pain now tho   thnx for asking!  Jealous, I missed out on that one, was well gutted :-( No!!! Anything but that songNyny told me if i eat chicken i gun geh fat RT  I want a boyfriend like   he makes her food! I'm afraid I went a little crazy at the grocery store again Hey i was there toooo POTUS ruined Al Green for me. miss you !!! NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE Wish i could take a bubble bath right now  #sostressed RT  Ontem o nick cantou " please be mine " p mim ... ai eu acordei movies tonight with bestie. dunno which movie yet I wish my bff was here to talk to me . . R.i.P baby uhh ohh what's up  ? X O god I missed twitter so much  even tho it was only a day :p AHHH i know we are so so excited:) cant believe the day is finally here!!! wish you were here tho I know  Sucks you're so far away and technically kenny is too, but i'm going that way for work! Possibly! he failed  goin in to be fixed on wednesday x I don't wanna go to the gym hungry :-( “    a funsize banana willy?”

Now this is cyber bullying  

Wtf is a banana willy! Lol Its raining no walking for me :-( something always happens Low Battery awwwa im sorry  arent you getting an apartment next semester? Smh RT  These pics from miami are making my head hurt  ! Less liquor on vacas effective immediately!.♥ I had pork  &lt;3 FOLLOW ME PLEASE?!    This is gonna be hard. i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    52 Hate it when my grandma tell me how much off a fuck up I am  on the plus side matt di angelo on my tv screen mmmmmmmmmmmm #whatababe Gonna go get some Pies &	Thighs to make me feel better RT   scared of a relationship bcus he dont wanna get hurt I feel like such an asshole for not knowing about this LP!  ( bout to wash my hair nd do it ! No more bush : ( lls haha point taken. But it really is hard. poo. You need to contact me asap  I miss you so much RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  R-T if u followed! :)x how ru anyway? Iv got the cold  xx "I miss him    " Aww, he looks adorable! pues volved yaaa!  ♥ you still sad yeah! I counted him as "doubtful" Im tight i just fucked up up my handdd RT  lmao ode RT  How to tell my mother I was joking about being a Doctor? I wanna do hairdressing instead awww same tina!!! I always just sit and reminisce it in my head  #memoriesforever Ur so mean sometimes.  RT  RT  Ur right I'm wrong. RT   I let u borrow it---duh never hits me up first : ( Wont be off at 5pm!  still at the hospital #soicalworker ugh! come visit before your show RIP Etta James    You will live forever through your wonderful music.  You're at peace "At Last". only a few days into my break and going stir crazy I wanna be back in the kitchen but not ready  feel free to... Got the sweetest text from my cuz today, I need to go back to my Philly Fam yeah I do! I'm not thick. idc. Leave me alone naaah Looks like no White Gold today :'(  :-( ............................. im soooooooo freaken sleepy!!!!  but I don't wanna leave my tio& my little cousin in the living room by them self.. that would be rude :/ very rubbish  I think I will have 10500 words to write over Easter. Oh my god. MUST be organised for that! Oh god an exam what?!?! Oh my lord, that's so sad  he's like my brother's age I wish I could go That onnnn??? Ine know when last I watch that show yeah I know they were both really busy and she's in America so things just wernt working out Amazin how food can turn a  to a :) in all of 2 seconds!! Oh no, I'm actual so jealous. Stop rubbing it in RT  Sutton 10K: Serial Brit-basher (13-1 since Jun 11) Amy Bowtell IRL (how is she not T500 yet?!) does it again :-( 1&5 v Tara, who was the '1' sorry please forgive me i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    51 . Bbl his TL Lol...you got many of those, shey? RT   Lol, I was expecting that. #followmejaden
PLEAAAAAAAAAAASE i'm crying now you never follow me RT  Been in the house all day I just broke my nail   #tragic yeaaah 9-1  xxx I wish you the best! lol i know and my phone was to off yesterday what to wear to onedirection? I want to do that name definition thingy Room 101 is actually on tv.. Buts its dead i think im getting sick :-( proper shiveringgg! aw no  im not Gunna be able to see it  sorry about that xxxx I'm the best are you tweeting in the bath?? Haha!! Heres hoping I don't sleep in AGAIN!!  booooo!! Love you xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx &lt;3 RT   I miss you too, I was telling everyone at lunch lol, I was like I miss my sister kerry Wishing I wasn't single anymore..... I hate being lonely....
#sadtruth #sadtweet  ohh man I already have plans tonight NO-ONE FOLLOWED  FOR ME  ? i swear I'll give everyone who follows him, 53+ followers. Tweet me "DONE" when you finished I just saw this! & I have never been to C&C RT  I love Ed Sheeran so much I'm guessing reading a book is at the bottom of the list after grading a stack of midterms  #fridayreads but not with me Hate how  isn't following me I know  boo They must like me for some reason. lol ima be in miami the 7-11th then i got work on the 12th I'm really enjoying Homestuck now. I wish I'd not given up on it so early in the past. It's going to take me forever to catch up. Nooo mi sta uscendo l'herpes  Believe Tour To ITALY Poor  is in so much pain he doesn't know what to do with himself  Feel so helpless, poor lad. Love you chick x i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    50 application has to be in then LOL!  gave me red card LOL here's my old college card, it has a cigarette burn on it “ I want to go on a cute date. And cuddle. And make out. And watch movies and shit.” that's the dreamEverybody talkin bout how it feel soo gud in new orleans I accidentally snorted coke (drink) up my nose lool  eww Sorry i didnt thank u. My bad  Thank u so so much. Will make it up to u ;) &lt;3 xxx Forgive me? xxx aw okie  sadface!! Lol you are coming tho right? how he can ignore beautiful girl? HE IS DOORK I want some bud omg. you still haven't followed or tweeted me! I was the weird tall one waving at you in Liverpool. you waved at me  comeonn ahhhh thats so sad  x :L Time is moving too fast, I'm getting too old i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    59 I'm headed home  sadly I did not find a dress &lt;-- My face after searching for my HG l/s of all time, MAC Jazzed, and coming to the realization it is gone forever...and Limited Edition Paying my speeding ticket!  Guilty as charged  (@ Traffic Court) hehe aww yay!! I well want one, tryna convince my dad #MrCelebUK I need to win this!!!  I LOVE  so muchh ANYONE FOUND THE FKING WINDOWS VERSION  CRAZEYY I hate when I'm nott happy  being in a bad mmood is no fun. i understand that being famous must be difficult, but im asking only one thing to #FollowMe.  &lt;3 1 omg please come find me something to do tonight , #tobored wah we do except I can't drink!!!  gawd damn it!  what you up to tomorrow night? X My tummy just started hurting outta no where you better! And it won't be the same without you  Y did I take my medicine on a empty stomach  I feel terrible ...Thats my dad. Joe's Grandad's funeral  I miss you too! I still have your birthday present! Xx freezing and everyone diserpeard Missed the bus cause I was keeping up with all these bbm teams. I hate being ill...... RT   Follow back? #BestThingsAboutBeingAsian having those dodgy boxes, ahh I miss that RT   Mega upload is down hey silvia! I can't go skating anymore bc I got chinese new year dinner  sorry! my right knee is swollen, he left foot is also swollen, and my right foot got a cut on it smh wtf was I doing last night FREDOOOOOOOOOOOO, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH .. NOTICE ME RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( RT:   saddest story ever told  #CatLadyWithNoCat I'm still on the train..... I miss the jonas brothers so much can you see my comments and stuff on her twitcam? i can't see yours #BecauseOfYou i look at my phone every 5 seconds to see if you texted me even thought i know you didnt RT  i miss him too much never played it as you won't let me RT  I hope today turns around #followmejaden I think you don't read my tweets  I want you in my list of followers !!! Parallax, you scary. Jealous TE AMO! PLEASE NOTICE ME? :} I HAVE TRIED HARD AND NOTHING frankie was manky towards the poor twins.. i feel sorry for them  #cbb LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL! you're terrible. bad drug lady. seriously though, i'm dying i meant are you ill cause you miss me, not that i made you illl. Whitney Houston "I will always love you"  don't wanna say goodbye any more!! No  RT  Sooo everybody getting drunk tonite Trip to the mall was the biggest fail Ever Special meal for my lovely man, and his engine has blown up on the M40  I'll cook his when he gets here :) lmfao c: Aye nigga i saw the pic of your head , I almost threw up  I hope ur ok ! i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    58  was it good. I miss my summaries : ( More a sob if you cashed me ticket!!! :-( Cnt dzeal with this cough,my chest is sore, meds not helping @ ol, help me I dzont wanna dzieeeeee ' smh, I was going to come eff's w| youu #workflow tonight and I don't wanna go…I'd rather go see Red Tails :-(  Got a text but it wasnt from the person I wanted it 2 be  Hectic day ahead What's the point of these tortillas I don't want Ethan to end up with Silver even watching the fresh prince of bel air didn't cheer me up Yeah  RT  Mother is Mother! No matter how they piss u off...... Mothers care.. I got in trouble 6 times today lmfao ughh  I'm oon no hall way I only ever stare at Georgia's boobs :-( Trying to read my book & not think about my brain MRI tomorrow :-( I want ball , but I dont havee shorts awww :3 i sent a bunch and only yours and 2 other peoples got there 🏃🏃☀☀👎👎 #iwish I need gas $$$$. aweeee  don't be like that! everybody has friends and i know you got family you went to see em new years She keep askin about Yu..!!  But I Dnt want 2 tell her..!! Woke up sick i just want you to know that i exist   #followmejaden    57 I missed dance last night. I hate missing  was tendu-ing under Brower's chair on stage last night haha my phone ended up in a puddle of jagermister, again Just took in how short I am , lol  oh well. Only two tellers here working!! Wtf! Staff seek clarity on Donegal sweet factory - RTÉ News  via  More Workers facing a bleak future :-( and no info. Haha! Yeah Back to being a poor student now  Will miss being at school! I learned a new thing today-how to butter bread :D man my feet are freezing! hurting I dont have time now, sorry  xxx AND I MISSED IT!?!? HaHa!! xD Aww you're always mean to me..  ;D LOL &lt;3 xxx agreed!! I miss Uni nights out What's with the sad face ??   RT  CYDM !! No change here.  What speed does the router say you have? lool you best not be anyway ;) hehe & yeah I'm good, just ill  wbu?x after 2 years of FF, I'm thinking it might be time to find something else to do with my life; Chuck Norris endorsing Newt?!?!?! EPIC FAIL sorry chick I didn't mean to upset you with that last tweet  xawhhhh thats so sweet ;) i think i can forgive you , gonna have to if i end up with you for 2 years  &lt;3 15% Dats Not Good At All !! someone please bring me chocolate covered pretzels I miss my little golda Sore throat :-( Hate it when my family sick and I end up getting it aswell was wohl it's raining in california I think my new doll house has a Ken ghost Hard luck, things will be better :) RT  Headache-&gt;SoreThroat-&gt;EarPain  Today is nt just my dy! :'( yeahhh  #tragic leave me aloneeee lmfaoo they him rank Meeee   #beinguglyisrough  i understand that being famous must be difficult, but im asking only one thing to #FollowMe.  &lt;3 11 I would ask my brother to buy me a bottle but he's not here watching the hills have eyes and it still makes me jump every time I just want a cuddle AMANDA TELL CHANTAI STOP USING ANNOYING ASS WORDS Want to watch Take Me Out so bad. Tummy troubles... RT  i wannaaa go on a date tonighttttt going to take a nap then workk. Jajajajajaja RT  Up.! smhh that's not gonna happen :-( pleaseee notice me  make my dream come true ;) TE AMO ♥ haha yup it appears they're both trying to kill me Haha oh okay fuck no Casey is here lol yea  I have volleyball tomorrow (( i feel like pizza now why oh why tomorrow is saturday again????? can't we just erase all saturdays until mid-april???? ok, I'm out now  night she 6 : Bruno Mars - It Will Rain ( quer me fazer lembrar das coisas ruins dele neah Bruno Mars  ) her MS interferes with her depression or something like that and her confidence is zilch and she just gets all emotinal  x around that time and we can't miss them not textiles?  in so glad for you though! :) x " My ankle still sore , My stomach hurt bad & my head Wth ? -_-" sure does  hopefully they'll be other competitions for bands you or we like. Hopefully I'll be 18 when a good one comes up SwiftiesWantNewVideoBlogs cause cone on, it's been forever .. IF ONE MORE PERSON CALLS ME A FUTURE ENGLISH MAJOR I'm gonna cry   I appreciate large words and correct diction and grammar #ASSHOLES googles new navigation system is SOOO annoying!  i want good ol' google back... cause i love you && you dead been neglecting me aww hope your okay?  xx what Elisha told me about oomf tho He knows what he's doing is wrong last year we went tooooo late & didnt get in though  its too cold for that sh-t I was off on holiday that night or the day after or something I can't remember but yeh I couldn't go  xx RIP My IPhone 4.. :-( Drop in the snowy street and someone ran over it... ( bust into tears)  scraping self esteem off pavement. I think it's still salvageable I got confused cos you started talking about him out of the blue.. He has a lot work to do he can't help with mine Iswear   I wish I had an older brother. aw no  sorry  you ok? Oh darn...Wish I could kickit with yall... RT  Wish I could play guitar. That's it!!  I blame  and his milions of followers!!!! probably the new neon place, mehbek or something. My mate wants to go, been once and food good, just empty :-( How can i pretend that i don't know what's going on We have won a battle, but the war will be long and hard. The opponent is a huge and difficult one. Sorry  RT  Yes oh. Proper vex. RT  VEX?! RT  YOU MUST SIGN THAT PRENUP. only? THEN STAY?!?! A month ago : wheres my snow!? 
A hour ago: Fuck you snow! im gonna change it back soon those are my grandma's initials  anniversary I want a sub i understand that being famous must be difficult, but im asking only one thing to #FollowMe.  &lt;3 10 RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" Feel so useless. only exception the rest has been poo Low I will be in dc being sad because i miss you all. :o  would haaaaate to be you right now! I miss new Zealand oh shit. You can call them tomorrow. so bored ... Thanks lovely gutted your not coming  xx I'm sick now. (T_T) Why must it be on a Friday?! Guy! Calm down now naa... Shoo?? “  RT  CYDM !! still no sound! :-( I miss my houston team!!! wish you were working tonight Just realised why hospital appointment was so rubbish - doctor never gave me a sticker  I was really brave and everything. aww i know how its feels... just try your best to try and sort things out  xx where'd my mother go ? i'm hungry good good haven't seen you in a million years my mom's making me stay home cuase my aunt's coming over RT  i want pho saigon right now Why?? " 62% of women who are raped are too scared or ashamed to report it."&lt;--- sad.     this must always be reported :D I am watching a film instead of CBB Why? RT  Oh no... Need to submit my resume... I missed my 18000th tweet.. sorry man. Phones been dead. And no! Mum says she sent it away to get my new one.  Well looks like OWS is "being violent". Time to support the poor police force  they're so oppressed I'm sorry. The prodigal headache has returned. Hurts so bad I can't even move to go cop me some relief shame their heads aren't so pretty though Just got in line for the signings!! Wish  was here to talk football with me while we wait and to be my picture taker! Do not want to go to work lol, u dont care that they are going to kill me? I really wish I weren't such a bawl baby.that sucks you lucky bitch  ugh did you see my picture with cassadeE? i WAS LITERALLY PURPLE Wow, I give my sympathy to the faimily of Etta James!!! That voice will never be forgotten!!! awww man. Are you gonna be giving me English lessons from now on? Uno Its Peeak When Ur Tweety Pie Pj's Don't Fit You No More  ..Well I Did Buy These When I Was Like 16 :/ Noo that's so mean 4:25 & sill in the bed You're more! :) I have to go  Talk tomorrow? ;D Kisses & Hugs Nobody can help me out with a ride? hahaha the kid is such a scrub. But no Ommggg miss youu too i hate you. why the hell did u put this horrible picture of me? oh no i think i'm getting sick what's wrong? Omg Im so confused :-( Anyone else's Twitter being really slow?! not even the subtitles worked! #boo  i'm all good man! exams are nearly here  wbu man? I really would like to talk to  .... just to check up on her, and see how she's doing... but i doubt that happens ok lol text me. And i was joking I'm actually not i miss the old family chanel Wow  left me today RT   Please follow me Alex...i feel really left out Immi, it's not good for your health to not sleep 
You should take breaks :/ I know :-( RT   bro you need to stay out of troble RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" eugh I've got no money  spend willingly on behalf of me? arrrh my little fairy lights have broke I just want to live normally, but I can't   #np im in the same boat Fuck outta here  I wanna do something today Missing #GhostAdventuresFriday due to hell aka work all night... can I still get an RT?? it keeps doing that to me #ThingsICantStand Eggs. Those rolly motherfuckers will never stand up for me, no matter how hard I try. I don't wanna cheat and use glue Ya, but it looks like my memory card/game won't get here till Monday. taking grandma to the hospital my burn  its small but shit .. im hurting .. eating toast. Cos I'm bored Aw fuck my favourite blogger on Tumblr's deleted her page. DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: Monday -.-" Tuesday  Wednesday :/ Thursday :| Friday :) Saturday :D Sunday ^.^ Yea  The blackouts suck too oh that's great news, toothaches are the worse. I had one once it made me cry. ameen  and listen to edith's songs and now the meaning i miss you too Depressing walking through Halls to go and get a book I need to carry on my essay when in every single flat people are pre-drinking i understand that being famous must be difficult, but im asking only one thing to #FollowMe.  &lt;3 18 I tried numerous times last week but they kept bouncing back :-( #alternate email address?) dont b #depressed I miss my ipod... can't get my seconds out, stupid piercer RT  I just remembered I have to get myself a valentines I really wanted to see my grandson this weekend To stuff in the library the lady wouldn't let me get it  but she said u can get it Monday Please follow me So i love you, but you'll probably never realize i miss  's faceeee on #BB i dont take notes nor do the investigations I know  hey  if your reading this please follow us, #JADENATORS loveyou!!!!! I wish I had a boyfriend  #teamfollowback RT  This day was really bland, and i missed you   I had nobody to walk me to class. setting my alarm for 5:30 breaks me  #tooearly 7beeeebtt 2albiii!! Meee moreeeeeee  RT   I misss u! “  if you ♥ weed follow  I don't love weed  leave me alone spam I feel rough  xxx Ughhh feel and look likee shit. Going to sleep till forever! Yayy for my weekend! ohh  well i think she got so many tweets... it's hard to reply everybody. can't believe you have so much work to do RP; it's rubbish  . I'm well darl. Lying in bed with Millimuff watching #CBB xxx My mom better bring food. #imhungry Thoughts are with the wife and children of #MarkPrice. R.I.P. mate #BayLegend and good guy :-( :-(  I hate watching the part on boyz in the hood when Ricky get shot My niccca be smoking weed wen depressed #smh  reli feel bad for him. Over thinking n Depression tho #sigh miss you *sighs* I can already tell that Killiesha's gonna be late tomorrow, she always is on our dates what I would do for one of those now - but hitler mr   is making me stay sober for exams everytime i play this song, leslie leaves me. fml!  &  are live video streaming later and i cant watch because i have no fucking internet. im so depressed yeah I have 1 chance t get u follow me! But it wont happen! You dont even know i exist  #depressed 109 RT  A jungle called #Nigeria . Which way my brothers and sisters ? " I miss ma boyfriend /:" ahhh why is everyone from  so short   is my height … LOL still love him :D RT  Tired af I just need some rest I know, but I have to wait. Been shopping too much this month. Just woke up me head us killing me :-( Almost broke my mirror off today  stupid tree! I missed it  I just like to watch the crazy ppl in the beginning  When can we webcam? i understand that being famous must be difficult, but im asking only one thing to #FollowMe.  &lt;3 17 Belanja tergila yg pernah gw lakukan!!spend all $700 only for clothes etc..mamaaaaa!!! RT   I had to if I wanted good profs not my coby  lol at least we still got grandma aha Do you want us to do badly then? thanks for the effort #snowdance. Only a light dusting in Vancouver. Farmers almanac says winter will soon be over malibu and coke whilst doing uni work! Great friday night in Well that was a complete waste im bored out my mind alone in this apartmentLast Friday of winter vacation missed half of #CBB  #sad I don't want to sleep but I have to Why is Hayden Williams so amazing  like why can't I be him? I'm sorry!!  been on another planet this week #worksucks when shall we Monty-walk? Xxx Etta James died  even though the only song I've heard was "At Last" I'm still sad “ RT  “ I'm hungry”....food is ready :D  «  I'm not hungry anymore”haha why Hellooooo strep. Anyone wanna bring me some popsicles? Only thing I can eat right now It's nights like last night when I need a cuddle buddy. Scariest nightmare ever. #clowns WAITING FOR MY FRIENDS IN THE COLD!!!! I close by myself today RT  RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( RT  When boys want girls to be perfect Get up to sit back down  #sore thaaaa fuck i have no one to cater to me :-( so i will cook my own food Man I Feel Really Down Since Yesterday  Dun No Why Tho. I Need Some  Love. #TeamStooshe xx sorry i couldn't make it to Fancy dinner last night Logan lost the directions to get there and james wasn't feeling well The knife.......  RT   under what???!!!!! all levels done, three stars on all bar one, egg got. *sob* I feel your pain The most time that I need my bestfriend she isn't here I always share , but not here 24/7 anymore  I am here IN HEART though .. Thank you for ALL your Tweets and linx over the year I really wish I could go see Blake Shelton at the Rodeo in Houston Wahhh, I'm heating up they have most of BCGB  bad times... bad times.. I'm still waiting to hear a single at the radio of  here in California  but it just doesn't happen. my mom needs to bring me home now RT  62% of women who are raped are too scared or ashamed to report it. Makes me wish I was lightskinnded Would hurt a lot bourbon street was closed.... so we went to Hard Rock in Biloxi and  couldn't go in awhhh that sucks !!" Iswear   I wish I had an older brother." Of 1500 followers, only 6 at the most watched the Twitcam. Not gonna lie, that is disappointing hiya. I didn't send an email & I didn't even go into uni. I couldn't face it k. no more weed I'm so fit. Miss you more sluttayy reading... lol its sucks Not to mention the inside of my thighs are completely bruised.. #NoSmiles!  -  that's what happens when u ride a horse I need a clone :-( lol why not!! #ThingsICantStand Having To Wake Up Early To Go To Science Revision Tomorrow  xx RT  Just for the record, it's VOCALS & Verses. Not VOCAL & Verses that's that out then. one of the best voices elminated by her mentor twitter for blackberry, i haven't got a blackberry ima be without my phone for a while!!! HTC aint shit!!!! it just blinked out on me I Have Nomore Friends Remaining : ( Slowly preparing for this snow to make it's way up here Beliebers stole flawless.........  THATS A SWIFT THING Y'ALL! ....but okay.. Only accept it cuz Justin and Taylor r good friends xd Dying over  's voice right now! Jesus i just need another hug from that sexy bugger soon. Missing you Samuel  x My mom would say I can have the house all night the one day I have no friends  #fml. Will Someone Plz Get Me A Box Of Hot Tamales :-( Still waitin on a visit from is forcing me to go on Dr. Doom's Fear Fall against my will. To com fome im far too impatient to wait 27 days till LOTM and seeing my boys i want my brown hair back year 12 = end of life  what other stores are there...? " Not having friends has the same life expectancy effect as smoking 15 cigarettes a day! --&gt; Decisions decisions :-( Winter is finally here! Winter Storm Warning until 11am tomorrow! I've been ere all day :-( 408 is not fun my last retweet so come on bk. Tell me. Why not mayo in UK restaurants? It's the only thing missing. :-( Record It For Meee :-( RT  I'm scared  fml  better hold my hand for this one!! I hate needles Like  said wen u frown niggas well get da point, buh me i say FUCK YO SAD FACE ! RT   -  otayyyyy RT  Fries fell in between my titties and I can't find them RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( this may be a #firstworldpain but it IS a travesty! RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( i can't even fucking see my screen  sorry Gosh 16 millions Beliebers just on twitter *-* I want to be in your following list :'(( But Im to small for you see me RT  i love  she's such a star! i miss her loads :-( everything will be fine &lt;3 Everyone likes Steph. No one likes me. thank you! This booklet doesn't have definitions in it ye I'm fine  just dreaddin the funeral on monday  RT   I know  hey  if your reading this please follow us, #JADENATORS loveyou!!!!! " As much as I love my bf, I miss that one boy sfm :/ just wanna kiss him againn  .. Ily bbe"  only if u actually sled this time!!!! I'm still mad at u from 2 years ago oh bless u but I don't think  will follow I've text you Oh! Devil punish dat person! Cos u no suppose see ya keypads na! He 4 blow am wellЯт  #InOtherNews sumbori punched my eye 2day 0uaah, t'ma oublié  ( live on Bombing in Kano  RIP to those who died i am of shoping to 2omz  x my grandma had cancer  I hope your dad gets better  STAY STRONG &lt;3 “  im jealous !! RT  who coming over to eat with me on my bday? (cont) I'm putting more ice on cuz it hurts I'll stay away from there then. I see the Two Door Cinema Club gig is only a DJ set. I am! But im from pennsylvania that's it all but over now oh ok Work .MYbestfriends ? , wow ! .. can't get him off tho
*puffs again So jelous of all the girls in notts tonight  .. Leicester in march tho so #happytimesI miss my  and Yesss Very ! Im bored and i miss my baby your following fans, omg follow me please Feel like I wasted 69p  don't understand sim city!! RT  wish i had an unlimited supply of money, booooooooooo owwwwww :-( I still thought it was funny! We're No. 1!!! Tampa Bay tops the new CNBC list of America's most stressful places to live  :-( Regretting agreeing to work tomorrow. Thought the hoops were playin on Sunday! 3G signal is shite too so I can't even watch on Sky Go. Yeah Me to ~  Maa a7bb 9degaty ygolon le shokran  a7s kne swait shy woooow m3 ena eli sweta kl ... can you send that pic to fanbooknicole please? twitter won't let me open the DM Yeah i just got in to see the finale whistle.  who scored for Bayern? It's 10 men Crusaders straight red two footed challenge Do you still thinking of me? I miss  *CRIES** & *WIPES TEARS* er, temporary fault is still there :-( will Thursday's repeat have sound?? TRAVIS. WHY NOT!? damn!!! Now I'm gonna have to keep going till I get past yours... Hahah!!! It's so crazily addictive :3 Justo me quede en el archivo 7 de Shark Night por Megaupload Aww that's so sad  I could only watch like the first 20 seconds of that. Poor guy. Who does that? RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" You would what?
me either  xxx To bad I dont know how to cook oh no  email me your party name and address haclouse I don't think so  But it would be awesome :D if i saved money, i would see one. :) I'm never in the right places RT  It's a Sad Friday, knowing that there's 7 days left of #Chuck  Brighten your day up & show your love for the show: shes not answering its not, the defenders where suppose to help me! its their faults too! NO LA QUITEEEEES I need to pee arms bout ta fall off #ThingsICantStand watching my family and friends smoking I went to see Kings in june and it was amazing!! I missed out on Coldplay tickets which I was gutted about And poop.  Scott won't be home until late.  So much for running to the store tonight as he has the Pathfinder.   #ahwell hate change! actually miss year 11 so much I Was Unfaired By Rico In Caro! everyones at  cause he's back from glasgow for the weekend & im being a boring fuck in my room cause im working at 7  FML It's so cold!!!!! Pauso kasi, my parka is open and I'm just wearing a shirt... Plus I'm wearing mocs lang so my feet are kinda exposed. :-( just walked into my desk....it hurt RT  "I'm never gunna get followed  I give up." Well, no your not....not with that attitude! #followmejaden I think you don't read my tweets    I want you in my list of followers !!! . MyThighs are so sore ! :O
Don't be mean  XD Thinking bout going to MR.Gs IDK Yet  This HARD No weave RT  Mia Dnt Text Me All Day My anti navel is so infected and bleeding everywhere...  maybe its time to take it out. FOLLOW ME PLEASE   !!! bro, ill die without my fifa...  I have to give robbie's back & fuck this ps3!!! she cut 5 inches off I bought SS3 a while ago....but its not the whole concert  so I need to get another one. Ricccccky got shot ! I have. I don't think we've spoken this year. :-( I hate my curly hair :-( You're very welcome D and hope Endy gets well soon.  We're all thinking of him. yeah I wanted a house party!! But as we are renting we arnt allowed music after 10  screw them!! lol that's the thing once u come u won't see it,bt once gone shit starts 2 happen fok ai not going to no library with you then  *weeps All i wanted was some wingstop rolls..but my cousin burnt them in the microwave  They hard AF now. you made me cry when is the repeat? i've sky plussed it toi toi toi, seems like only a minute ago I was there singing Bernstein with them.. Missin Sydney. oh honey why would you do that to yourself ??? :-( No! The game is canceled  #sadtweet LOL memba dat day u came college wit bundle ...The only thing I'll be flip reversing is burgers in macdonalds  #blazinsquad i wish i was going  GOOD LUCK TONIGHT! ye i guess so. I hope you get back on track :) karma is a bitch I'm working early the next day. D: Mad Gotta Wait Till Too Get My Phone Back On So No Kalls Or Texts  ! I hate this part. Why did he have to die my brothers friend is spending the night no not awesome RT  My Heart Cnt Take This Fuuuuuuccck; i dont want to leave! Or have class til 9:45pm on a Fri night : ( grrr for you maybe -___- mine doesnt start till 730 tonight  #Suckstobeme Who?! Im familiar with Etta James but.... RT   RT  Edda James Pasted Away. ! R.I.P can`t believe there is only 4 episodes left of #TeenMom2 ... that makes me sad :-( Gets me every time! Si mas triste RT   GOOOOD. I took the left overs and ate it with a spoon but my stomach hurts now RT  !!" Iswear   I wish I had an older brother." I can't get comfortable NO &gt; just a quote i saw. BUT I WANT TO READ IT RT  I hate packing WEEKEND are the BEST!!! &lt;3 sadly I don't RT  i am SO SO SO boreeeeed  lol yeah I have 1 chance t get u follow me! But it wont happen! You dont even know i exist  #depressed 115 blerghs; throat hurtss Awww they killed Morris Chestnut Don't tell me to shut up :-( I wasn't looking I hate when my tweet wont go thru #ThingsICantStand Following but not being Followed!!! Love how it won't let me vote for Romeo, shitty phone  #CBB I am navy sitting the nephew, so I still have to get up early-ish I didn't register in time to vote in the SC primaries tomorrow. ...I am ashamedI miss my  and Yesss Very ! Im bored and i miss my baby your following fans, omg follow me please Feel like I wasted 69p  don't understand sim city!! RT  wish i had an unlimited supply of money, booooooooooo owwwwww :-( I still thought it was funny! We're No. 1!!! Tampa Bay tops the new CNBC list of America's most stressful places to live  :-( Regretting agreeing to work tomorrow. Thought the hoops were playin on Sunday! 3G signal is shite too so I can't even watch on Sky Go. Yeah Me to ~  Maa a7bb 9degaty ygolon le shokran  a7s kne swait shy woooow m3 ena eli sweta kl ... can you send that pic to fanbooknicole please? twitter won't let me open the DM Yeah i just got in to see the finale whistle.  who scored for Bayern? It's 10 men Crusaders straight red two footed challenge Do you still thinking of me? I miss  *CRIES** & *WIPES TEARS* er, temporary fault is still there :-( will Thursday's repeat have sound?? TRAVIS. WHY NOT!? damn!!! Now I'm gonna have to keep going till I get past yours... Hahah!!! It's so crazily addictive :3 Justo me quede en el archivo 7 de Shark Night por Megaupload Aww that's so sad  I could only watch like the first 20 seconds of that. Poor guy. Who does that? RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" You would what?
me either  xxx To bad I dont know how to cook oh no  email me your party name and address haclouse I don't think so  But it would be awesome :D if i saved money, i would see one. :) I'm never in the right places RT  It's a Sad Friday, knowing that there's 7 days left of #Chuck  Brighten your day up & show your love for the show: shes not answering its not, the defenders where suppose to help me! its their faults too! NO LA QUITEEEEES I need to pee arms bout ta fall off #ThingsICantStand watching my family and friends smoking I went to see Kings in june and it was amazing!! I missed out on Coldplay tickets which I was gutted about And poop.  Scott won't be home until late.  So much for running to the store tonight as he has the Pathfinder.   #ahwell hate change! actually miss year 11 so much I Was Unfaired By Rico In Caro! everyones at  cause he's back from glasgow for the weekend & im being a boring fuck in my room cause im working at 7  FML It's so cold!!!!! Pauso kasi, my parka is open and I'm just wearing a shirt... Plus I'm wearing mocs lang so my feet are kinda exposed. :-( just walked into my desk....it hurt RT  "I'm never gunna get followed  I give up." Well, no your not....not with that attitude! #followmejaden I think you don't read my tweets    I want you in my list of followers !!! . MyThighs are so sore ! :O
Don't be mean  XD Thinking bout going to MR.Gs IDK Yet  This HARD No weave RT  Mia Dnt Text Me All Day My anti navel is so infected and bleeding everywhere...  maybe its time to take it out. FOLLOW ME PLEASE   !!! bro, ill die without my fifa...  I have to give robbie's back & fuck this ps3!!! she cut 5 inches off I bought SS3 a while ago....but its not the whole concert  so I need to get another one. Ricccccky got shot ! I have. I don't think we've spoken this year. :-( I hate my curly hair :-( You're very welcome D and hope Endy gets well soon.  We're all thinking of him. yeah I wanted a house party!! But as we are renting we arnt allowed music after 10  screw them!! lol that's the thing once u come u won't see it,bt once gone shit starts 2 happen fok ai not going to no library with you then  *weeps All i wanted was some wingstop rolls..but my cousin burnt them in the microwave  They hard AF now. you made me cry when is the repeat? i've sky plussed it toi toi toi, seems like only a minute ago I was there singing Bernstein with them.. Missin Sydney. oh honey why would you do that to yourself ??? :-( No! The game is canceled  #sadtweet LOL memba dat day u came college wit bundle ...The only thing I'll be flip reversing is burgers in macdonalds  #blazinsquad i wish i was going  GOOD LUCK TONIGHT! ye i guess so. I hope you get back on track :) karma is a bitch I'm working early the next day. D: Mad Gotta Wait Till Too Get My Phone Back On So No Kalls Or Texts  ! I hate this part. Why did he have to die my brothers friend is spending the night no not awesome RT  My Heart Cnt Take This Fuuuuuuccck; i dont want to leave! Or have class til 9:45pm on a Fri night : ( grrr for you maybe -___- mine doesnt start till 730 tonight  #Suckstobeme Who?! Im familiar with Etta James but.... RT   RT  Edda James Pasted Away. ! R.I.P can`t believe there is only 4 episodes left of #TeenMom2 ... that makes me sad :-( Gets me every time! Si mas triste RT   GOOOOD. I took the left overs and ate it with a spoon but my stomach hurts now RT  !!" Iswear   I wish I had an older brother." I can't get comfortable NO &gt; just a quote i saw. BUT I WANT TO READ IT RT  I hate packing WEEKEND are the BEST!!! &lt;3 sadly I don't RT  i am SO SO SO boreeeeed  lol yeah I have 1 chance t get u follow me! But it wont happen! You dont even know i exist  #depressed 115 blerghs; throat hurtss Awww they killed Morris Chestnut Don't tell me to shut up :-( I wasn't looking I hate when my tweet wont go thru #ThingsICantStand Following but not being Followed!!! Love how it won't let me vote for Romeo, shitty phone  #CBB I am navy sitting the nephew, so I still have to get up early-ish I didn't register in time to vote in the SC primaries tomorrow. ...I am ashamedI wanba go to bg concert tonoghtttt yea cuz if Ron cheat u not gone get 3 mansions and 75 mill :-( lol orly? installing now i miss texting you mary thought she bought ticket for the  concert on Saturday but she didn't and now there sold out  there goes my chance of meeti ... Can someone take me to rite aid or baskin robbins really quick hi, imiss you too. why no text me Hmmph  I'll fill you in on fb then :) It happened to me and I had to unfollow everyone  Then I googled it and I figured it out. I know, it's unfair  RT  just lost all my money  #millionpounddrop Ugh u suck RT  I'll b right back for the tour u guys! Promise!!! &gt; RT   why won't you come to Ireland :-( wish wagon wheels had never been invented Bostons are the best. His name is Doug. RT   I want one of those doggies. My Picture Didn't Make It... +1  RT  :  #FF para ti. we miss u RT  Oh noes!  seems to be down  We are #Anonymous! Expect More! #Megaupload Wonder wah ma future wifey is doing ATM My wifey is leaving me for the weekend.  #marriageproblems me too, i haven't had it since i went to wetherspoons last year in London Now thats just mean, I was being nice to you  Fine be that way, BE THIS WAY me no love u no more &lt;/3 *cries in corner*&lt;/3 RT  Attention followers: if your page is on PRIVATE please take it off because I can't see your tweets Finding chucks in my size is impossible :-( didn't had time for almost nothing now its almost time to pick my son from school!!there's half of my day running back&foward You sure?  If Ur Bf Calls U More Than Twice Erryday,Not That He's Caring......NOPE! NIGGA JUST DOESNT TRUST YA!! Kendra and Ashley are talking about all their school drama and I can't follow #followmejaden      I think you don't read my tweets  I want you in my list of followers !!! es labāk došos gulēt.
rīīt agrāk jāceļas 
- Good night :) but all I'm getting from that potion is the trots My dumbass can never put on bed sheets : ( aaah to triste Is really un photogenic at the moment :/ well most times to be fair  where u gone matey lol  must be sleepin hope u get better :) blud, where were you today ? the first time we have a good lesson you're absent ?! Hate adverts  they upset me...its like having someone butt into your conversation. No good news from the dentist I missed bothering  today he looks so cute Matty I LOVE YOU SO MUCH! PLEASE FOLLOW ME! IS MY DREAM! I am so tired Winter weather advisory tonight  ⛄ when your all ill and sniffley, all you want is cuddlesss same :) buy jalebi to celebrate the fact that it is Friday tho I have exams next week  👍🍆 LOLLLLLLLLLL  I WONT GIVE UP! Riiiiiiiiicccccckkkkyyyyyy RT  Watching Boyz in the Hood. Ricky Just got shot. oh sorry, I totally would but I'm not on the laptop :-( xxx RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( 2 bars gone alreaddddy?  oh... That's bad  but I'm not superinterested (not at all actually) so its okay :P i'm sure it will, treasure it for as long as you live ;) i think i do, i'm not feeling 100% abby today, and it isn't good!  &lt;3 when will you release the win version I hate to every exaggerate, but I'm dying here. My stomach just dropped  .... Joshy "/ where do you disappear off to earlier bbz? You never said goodbye ok everyone, im ordering a video on demand... if nobody comes to my house in less than 20 minutes, ill be watching it by myself.  #textme Thanks for letting me know Just heard the beginning of a remix to #paradise   originals are so much better! stop ruining the song for me I lost all my money on million pound drop :-( Let me go get these kids please follow or tweet me i love u guys so much! xxxx #CDFielder 4LIFE xx #Twilight2Days xxx too bad you cant come tonight  I missss you &lt;3 Come home soooon! RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-"" i want my followers back can you please do one for Niall aquarius PLeASE, sorry to be a pain ill see it with you if it makes you feel better hahaa Don't ever wake me up with a call like that 
#ScaredTheHellOuttaMe
#TextMe when you can! Home aloneee. RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" I can't there's an age limit I haven't had a job so been skint  we need to massively sort this out ! Just sayin ;) xxx yes I know  I'm gonna miss her &lt;//3 RT  #ThingsICantStand Following but not being Followed!!! I miss my love today hasn't been a good day! What to do, what to do Need a serious shopping trip!! But have so much to save up for  #canneverbloodywin Yes, Old pics and old news :-( They don't even mention Infinity! Heavy ice followed by rain with 1-4 inches of snow tonight. Work in the am  #fml ur really horrible  x Dt smiley :s RT  Yeah  RT  Mother is Mother! No matter how they piss u off...... Mothers care.. ♥ RT  Im always thinking n worrying about some shit...smh cant help it Tia always tryna be relevant, soon as I give her her shine she want somebody to exit. Forget you!!!! !!!!!!!!!! RT   :-( lol at my teeth man will sleep again! bye #thankyouLordforeverything !!  :) I miss those days..... aww your so good honey! My Grandma still lives with my Grandad but she doesn't always remember who is never mind Randy I want my old shit phone back RT  Well looks like OWS is "being violent". Time to support the poor police force  they're so oppressed YARAAAB  THANKS &lt;3 #becauseofyou i am going to fail my exams I choose to stay in and I want to cook :)....I want to go to the store I knooow! But I can't you'll get there some day ;) I only died coz I was bout to double tap for wings but then didn't have time to turn corner UGH THAT'S WHAT I SAID&lt;/3 my super bffl lol I kno man , I didn't get to see you yesterday  , ! i misss you tooo  u better comeover tomorrow so i dont hav an anxiety attack... we italians are merely sorry about the guy called  please forgive us for the existence of this guy RT  LMAOO  Haha" I Got Her A Gold Chain That Took Away My Allowance 4 Roughly Half A Year & D FOOL STILL ASKED...'Do U Luv Me?' O_o" then let's do the d*mn thing lol only thing is I work a lot but just in the a.ms and yess I am I can't help it though Y won't dis fluuu cum out of my system i need my phone I wish I was going to ultra in march I ok  But now I sad for friends  #wlf #purrs and #hugs RT  Horrible feeling when you think you've done something ugg aboutta clean my house Miss photography with   Now I can't use our hot chocolate stamper #sadtweet true but it's good to stay current. #MissYou #DontCry #96Fkries twitter won't let me send it anymore obviously not very good friends!  I think it's an old photo but still, why did someone not give them a shake?! my voice keeps going from  :-( so worth it though, please take me back!!! Need ah Hug :-( :-( best frannss birffday tuhday....  sowwyy I actually miss msn Someday we'll get our wish.  They looked so into each other though! :-) !!! yay! RT  You will!!! :) RT  Hope I can go out tomorrow :-( These bitches getting asked out to Winter formal. -ifeel like im stuck to my bed ... My body is soooo sore. #MassageNeeded Having to drink from only one side of my mouth with a straw, I hate coldsores RT  Everytime I hear 'Hey Soul Sister', I think of   miss you!! -- AWWWW I MISS U TOO *TEAR* :'( "  I Dnt Like It Here Anymore" Why no don't leave :-( Acho que to doente Bed time g'nightt people unfortunately some of us are back to work tomorrow  xoxo sigh, I'm only looking for up to £500. Can't go higher than that :-( ah yeah I will do aha! I always check out the memory! i want a tattoo BB LCD to be blotted. Heart-wrenching. Want my lashes done RT  RT  RT  RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( awh maan didnt even get to say goodbye We're realizing we can't retweet you and your hashtags don't show up in trend topics, because your profile is protected. I just miss you we haven't been talking are you watching an idiot abroad later ;) awww that just broke my heart!  im glad your excited though!!! Other than that its 8th period & my bestfriend Andrea is here :) but not Philip Back a hurt mi I miss you yehh sorry rubbish signal i didnt break it  the screen just went white, and now my sim card reciever aint working! swear its always me!! XX Just burst out crying cos i miss  my grandad  &lt;3 RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Think it's weird how all 8 of my cousins are in 'pairs' of male and female and then there's me .. Just me on my own you caused my Concords to get stepped on they all sound stupid RT   heard you had the flu, get better soon! English sucked w/o you.. All i had was #twitterless matthew to talk to. I feel so bad for my lil sister  Wish  could come out n get drunk like old times  lawd knos we had sum wild nites lls!!! i know  have a guess what am i always doing....... nothing!! haha coral!! where has this appetite come from, thats usually me! LOL, making me hungry no Hassi leaving Monday dwi wel jel!!! Gutted sm joni :-( don't see most of my friends this semester at all school wouldn't let me. :-( x watch i dnt get nothin for my birthday RT  MANNNN I HATE BEING BROKE  I need some money brah. Used to be happy. Morning guys RT  So bored and i have NOTHING 2 do. I'm working night shift on the 19th Lump in my throat Failing to get my computer started this morning. Is this an omen for the rest of the day? I feel as rough as a bear's arse right now  i really need to feel better in time for germany :-( :) yeaaah that's how I felt in psychoo  I'm so depressed about it now, defo gonna retake  and econs monday eeeek xx what to do what to do I wish I was at that concert, omfg true that! I could keep my food nice toasty and sister free without having to worry about a thing. I wish Keep forgetting I have to be in school at 9 o'clock tomorrow for Science :-( #KillMeNow Shit ran out of credit. boo :-( #SAVEMICHAEL #CBB Cant think of anything witty today. I nooo!! Really wana go see Jen  need to sort my life out zx Odeio Mc Espeto sorry !!! BRILLIANT! Now if only I could draw slightly better than this  we'd be in bizznizz!! lmao shut up , thanks for coming to see me too nigga just same as always. i missed my brotha  time passes so slow nowadays because of his absence. Since I got my piercing my belly looks more big wish jessie j gave me some love like she did to wah i have glasses now I miss my boyfriend PFFT im trying to get me twitition signed but it doensnt happen   can you sign this please? ♥ wby? xx #grounded life sucks I dont know :-( but all I saw was "c***" written all over his wall, and had to write about how stupid they looked aha D: ok so i MIGHT miss  austream today Dear bed, im sorry i left you this morning, take me back?  -fb Why is  so mean ? yeah haha /:  damn wish I brought my car Gone are dose days wen he used to be a young,handsome and intelligent chap  Now he's just old !!!! *sigh* :p #followmejaden I think you don't read my tweets  I want you in my list of followers                               !!! still not fixed :-( please please please hurry up and fix it :-) Not cheering tonight  I can barely talk thank you, rachel RT  I BET YOU NICOLA'S GONNA BE SELFISH AND SHRED THE OTHER'S LETTERSI went to a friends house yesterday and had house envy. It was so tidy! Mine is always a bit of a mess. And it's bland :-( Fedait ely 3ajbeemha kl my tweets  mn tho8ch kl yom bktb  :p sometimes people suck but dont let them change you RT  RT   RT  boys are like purses; cute, full of crap, and can always be replaced twitter wont let me change my name from my phone omg I miss you I want to see beauty and the beast so bad They were a late one tbf, I read and laughed thinking as if he would go to Brighton and he did!  yeah something like that! good luck to my wrestling brothers at the catoctin duals tn & tm...i wish i coulda went  #statgirlprobz RT  I'm in pain T.T NOBODY TOLD ME  oh, no I already miss you.. I didn't even get to say bye and i miss you  ♥ ok Mrs funny you know I love you don't play don't hurt my feelings Noo whats wrong?  RT  My day &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; (( because I'm super sick #FollowMeJaden LOL it isnt  easy  PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! boo-who  why do you hve to do a tweet spree when im asleep. now i wake up feeling sad I look forward to the weekend all week and when it finally gets here I have no plans... #nolife waaaah I have a feeling you're not coming Ugh iave no idea why i've suddenly developed a strong aversion to tvs but i hate the noise, i think its my nerves But I'm decluttering, and I just don't like it anymore...HP fan that I am Shame, as he's slightly nicer to look at than Murphy i showed he that cute doggy pics & iPhone pics. still no Lucky Bastard my job is Boring oooh what's this ? Yes everything you say is true but the show is a love triangle...so things are not always fair... I'm sick what?! Aw fuck  i was booking mine one monday i wanted to meet  again lol for what  RT  Just got kicked out the mall and still don't got a outfit Ill. That is all :-( i hate you slut... jks i love you and for some werid reason i miss you lots :-( Magic market...minus one DQ  #CheersToDQ RT  old Maemo times and friends, I really miss you all  #Nokia #Maemo #N900 #N9 #N950club NOOO also missed my 33333 tweet uh...yeah.. So I kinda am just sitting here waiting...having no idea where he is People get annoying  There are more people "talking about" me on #Facebook than there are who like me. Wonder what that means.   #autism I dont even know whose in my classes no plans for tonight = me grumpy ooh r we boring u , charming RT  We Miss Shayley     Awww commmoonnnn Probably just laying here all night  RT  dom doesn't wanna watch liam && i wanna see him  shes mean I keep seeing people with really similar names to an actual celebrity follow me.. Then get dissapointed to quase desistindo de ir no shopping, omg she's so old!  tell her I say congrats i don't have a webcam  HEY WHAT ABOUT ME COMING TO PARDUBICE. Got kicked out of my weekend group gone darker  because it was starting to go green and I used permenent :'( xx I didn't even get to say bye to #oomf that will be the end of our friendship? Not a single thing to do today So was the rain waiting for me to leave the country  ... I haven't for a loooong while either  and I'll send you a pm on Facebook lol haven't had a hug since I left my mum's house on 29th December :-( acabou big time rush why did you put a  face,? Since when was being a chode offensive?;) I knew he got to final of either the French or Australian. Well lost 400k that time. :-( I have no idea on A-Team. :-( #millionpounddrop you never told me when you wanted to go out with me on winter break I thought you forgot about me  and talk about studyingx_x yeah yeah dont fing brag about the iphone lol ... just cause im a poor twat And here I was hoping, I could make a career out of it when people change just because they're in college now &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 
#getoveryourself  #please #imissyou my hips are killing me from all of the diving/digging last night  #volleyballproblems when you read something and it proper makes you think #ffs :-( workworkworkkk #wah law again, its ok when I get to talk, but I only get paid £4.93 and hours have been cut back cause there not doing well i think eating at work too much is making me fat and the rice is making me all bloattedddd I can't stop complaining bout people's behavior and mine's not perfect either Ñe Watching the last 2 episodes of Doctor Who with  as the doctor  #tissuesattheready Alllll by myseeeeelf. Your on my mind   just know you can always count on me to be there for you and the babies! #lovemybff If you watched  last night, you'd know what happens with the letters. Please everyone don't judge!!  &lt;3 #cbb Lol should've seen me blasting "bacchanalist" while driving today. It doesn't feel the same when there is snow outside Have a lot of work to do and its only the first week of the semester! It's not letting me see my mentions Said bye bye to  today..dunno when ill see him again..sad times Artesia, New Mexico. I'm gonna go visit family and go to a funeral. I'm so sad guys  I don't even want to deal with people smh  I told Mr.Woodworth 'Happy Birthday' and he ignored me...that's cool too. Hey hun, are you away from FB? I cant find you anymore :-( xxx its so hard I want to go and see yelawolf  I'm doubting anyone will come with. hahaawwhs  I might come back during spring break, but deff done after that Until next time tweeties!! #Phone.battery.flashing.no.charger RT  I want noches Don't wanna do my taxes Aww Fuckfuckfuckfuck my stomach kills  i hate being sick! and he misses you Going to the Clubhouse wig my kids! Excited but they separate me from my homie   ...  #bittersweet im sorry I didnt mean to  what time will u be around? too bad i sent him a lettter  #Sucker My life has changed  RT  #lies! :o RT  This book tells me Jollof rice is not Nigerian but Sierra Leonean!? lol its was really sad  haha not in frenchi lost ur number...and i miss you dearly why's there never anythinng good on tv? Is there still a Jacksonville Florida, date! I might do, I have £40 and nothing to spend it on so  xx Can't get the fade out I wanted to work with the slide  Don't want to spend ages on it so I've replaced the launch image aw Katy, thanks!! I miss our chats too :-( I hate math  My nose hurts. RT  Well looks like OWS is "being violent". Time to support the poor police force  they're so oppressed Some people are selfish as  think of me people think of me! Hahahaha omg stop your getting me sad ....  that's all my dog did before we had to put him down lol rt  S£im FiN€ J€sSy 
 got yo ass!!! Stay out my pics!!! Dis was da last time I saw u tho : ( I miss you moreeeeeee   :* someone go into work for me RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" this song....is everything. I need to stop listening to it. it's too real RT   LOOOOL I KNOW :D AND YOU KNOW :D BUT NO ONE ELSE DOES haha unfortunately that was before I had to go to another bank to pay off the caddy  #heartbreak #ballinonabudget all your fans here in Sweden really miss you guys  &lt;3 Haha bitch! How do i get a background thingy? :-( aaawww that hurts :o RT   poor you my Beavis and Butthead site doesn't work any more yeh yeh rub it in! I'de send u a photo back but I'm not going outside its too cold and windy here :-( #Jel I hate being sick! This fuckin sucks cannot believe mrs ogg moved me in biology Time to pay bills sorry no lite naww. omo mi.. RT   you dint call me!  I've been aiting for 24 hrs now! :| Im gonna cry,cuz'  is my role model,and i think she won't follow me.I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MORE THAN YOUR ALL FANS!!  ♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am fully booked every weekend now until half term  haha I'm having a gathering during half term though but I nid 2 c u b4 Wish I could go to the game #notarealcheerleader please follow me and look my video I just commented: Nearly finished  in the Russell Howard App Hates having to work when sick  Still trying to figure out twitter lol) you havent tweeted in a while. have you done your 100 following for today? wish i could be one but i have no chance :-( I've been so busy  it'll happen someday I promise! It's been almost five hours  My Bestfriendd cheering me up that's all that matters right now :/ &gt; it really was AMEN!! butt mrs. pope gave me 68% on the pe midterm  i was upset. thought i did good. though! but oh well there's always nxt time. I hate reading movie times wrong and having to wait for like and hour We'll see. Only if you bring some headache medicine. Six has a headache. I am now Ooh, please, when is the repeat!? Can't find it :-( it's awkward that  never talks to me anymore I'm sooooo jealous ur going to dash SONNY. WHY DONT YOU HAVE GRAPES? i hate bananas. wahh. I wish they still had comcast in Texas I feel left out! No drinking for me tonight but she's sleeping right now Oh god I miss all of my pals in Lincoln :-( I'm working too. I feel your painn I'm so upset my friend Etta James has passed.  The world has lost a legend. ILovee Justin , But This Timee ICouldnt Even Tell Him ! Sorry you're going through that with her momma  being a new mommy myself, I can't imagine leaving Brody for a long amt of time! I havent seen Jasper (my cat) all day  ?!?!? just saw ur tweet did u watch it? i felt sooo sorry for stefan  xxx RT   Write about me. Like, Do it. Say I'm some chick from Canada. DO IT. Now. I'm Watching you. You're not doing it. Why? Timii doesn't understand me at all I didn't see it.Why wasn't I on tv?Not playing anymore :-( Got one seriously stiff neck!! #hurtsalot! im sorry but i have to unfollow you cos of too much tweets filling my screen Why Are You So Kool? I HATE when i feel like this ... RT   can you help us trend Scotland Needs Believe Tour? We never got My World that horrifying message i just sent I want a girl Shuusshhh  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx This is about to be a looooooong weekend without my baby I hate that fri is so close to Monday but Monday is so far from Friday :-( In Season 2 it almost felt like FOX were Sabotaging the show and they succeeded I had to park next to the wall that leads out of the carpark... It's really shit being allergic to nail polish #stella no sound apart from ad breaks. So disappointed. Waiting all week :-( I swear my room is always the coldest or the hottest. My Body Feels Sooooo Tired . 6% I'm having trouble posting a comment to your blog using my wordpress sign-in. RT  NO-ONE FOLLOWED  FOR ME  ? i swear I'll give everyone who follows him, 53+ followers. Tweet me "DONE" when you finished This shit fucking hurts. I thought we were going over the railroad tracks RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) no transport  i managed 5 evictions last series including final. i think its a great night. i travel from wales yeah I'm feeling that way myself, but got to wait for the other half to finish work  sucks being a truckers "wife" lol xx just made me feel like shit jerrrrrk ! : ( Headache go away Can't Wait To Go Back To San Jo.. But Then Again Ima Miss My Fam & Bf Too Much The internets aint been working on my phone lately. And twitter only shows up sometimes blackberry/ tmobile ftl I hope I can go to the basket game with him later This cold...or whatever it is isint getting any better  #IceShacks tonight !  Sometimes my Golf smells like sperm. I think hobos break in to it and have a wank. ALLOSHOWTV A AUSSI FERME ? Noooon sorry sweetie, that I didn't answer before but my grandmother called but yes I got mean messages today and my head hurts! I wanna go workout , but i'm sick NO! Now I feel like I'm missing outbro I wish you could go. This has been one of the worst weeks  but i am defiantly look forward to this weekend with some of my favs xxxxx I wish I had money to get my nails doneee I KNOW  i would never do that to him, he's to cute. she is fit tho They haven't put up our photos from our photoshoot day haha yea I wouldve been on the same level as everyone else but I had work at 8 in the morning I think you'll never see me here, because you don't know that i exist  but never say never right? Follow me 2074 tss friggin fat ass cant share please follow  shes my bestfriend and needs a follow from you?! PLEAAASE do it? :) Thoought u had swaag!?! When I draw, I depress myself.  grrrrr i'll add it tomorrow as my bbm won't be active till tomorrow i heard he got in a real bad accident.....i posted on his wall too The only thing that's stopping me from changing my name is that no one will catch on RT  RIP to those that died in the kano bomb blast and channels news correspondent that was killed too  :'( S/o to  cause I miss her presence  & cause I accidentally tweeted at some guy with her tag cause I was missing an r :/ lmao Lmmfao why I gotta suck!?!? :-( you're a big meanie lol So what we get drunk, so what we smoke weed, we just having fun, and we dont care who sees ♥ #ManquePluQuneChicha Yeah I hope one of my friends has Chapstick ...   or #twitterlessemily my lips are about to
crackle off  👄💄 Queria ir no show do Bruno Mars em Joinville Twitter for blackberry .. Why're yuh doing this to mee? :-(  i Hate When My Brovva Being Nigga's To My House When Im Look A Mess : ( -_____- Lemmee Look Somee Moreee .. Cause I Really Wasntt Trynaaa Wear No Othaaa Shoes . Buhh I Might Have To Wish I still talked to everyone from school. Certain people I REALLY miss can I come  put me in ur suitcase pleaseeee I'm Irish!!! I hate Fanta beach and I can't find Fanta fruit twist anywhere talking to chelsea on the phone  i miss her! oo kk  have missed you :* Didn't get a text back :-)  then :-( awwwww  imu2! We gotta catch up seriously! I cant come over I always strive to be the person my dogs think I am. .. Damn.. my dogs are gone.. I miss Peace and Lunatic, my 2 Dalmatians... no to mcie D's....it always give me a tummy ache MY TWITTER TEXTS ACTUALLY SUCK ASS, NEVER SEND ME  TWEETS Only I need you follow me  I love you Justin &lt;3 Wish I were at ALA. yeah right im giving myself a headache with the d word now  which shows the word itself is d******** x I suck at fruit ninja. Can't get on  level ..babe-how come your phone got seized? RT  i miss the old family chanel isnt being nice to me today no, he made me want to superglue my genitals shut I want chic - fi - a .... RT  RT  الحرية لأنس الشغري  Free Anas Alshghre, it's been tooooo long. #Banyas #Syria Exhausted! Still haven't masturbated at my new job Everyone picks on me I miss Fundmental 03. :-( Lol they're always gonna be there . Lol okayyyyy :D if i need the lyrics i love  but he dont show no love back not quite that bad, but go red, and struggle to talk, but get as close as I can #butiamnot40 “  I miss youuuuu” I miss you more  How was 3rd?? Hahaha stop making me jealous it looks so good!!! How come all the WRONG guys like me?? Waaaah  #bigbaby Yall I need to put this cake together   I dont wanna gooooooooooo Shoutou's !? Please come one please help I already tried last Time but nobody helped please help Awwh  Sorry to hear it haha well if it looks like a real owl and not cartoony then I'll allow u blud! I want more tatts I get rowdy when i'm drunk tbf haha. I spend waaaay too much money on nights out  pahaa :p Up so early. Ugh. I should still be in bed  #NSTP sad I'm working that day  but I work just down the street at  and it'd be awesome if you came by :) обидела I second this! " Com bac to 9ja joor!  RT  Awwwwwwwwww passing my old crib #holdom & hastings #" “ *changes relationship status on FB to single*.” I feel like i'm going to pass out... Why doesn't it happen like the 'match' adverts!? yeah I have 1 chance t get u follow me! But it wont happen! You dont even know i exist  #depressed 122 I already tired that I used all three of my shirts and It didn't work. Zach lied. RT  Good to know where we stand  &lt;//3 chillin at home mate work tomoz  ill be out tomoz nite tho so its allllll good. Hopefully 3 points against bolton too! But then Stefan got so sad when Elena told him about the kiss  poor Stefan #TVD nothing much tonight, working in the morning  lol at the airport now are we ever going to hang out? You've been here almost a month and we still haven't hung out.. this makes brittnie sad. I know I've been busy I'm sorry people are mean to me  lol Ugh i wish this shit would jus go away ! I hate being sick : ( My washing machine has chewed my foot towel to pieces I did and you didnt answer : ( 75 Mill and we're not talking naira RT  Amiraaaa  We need to taaaalk! And hang out. But we're gonna be needing a lot of tissues... yeah but they're being washed so it's just nothing there atm “ American eagle jeans make every girls ass look nice.” until they get all stretched out To our peeps we are limited on our info as I have just my LG phone at the moment! No computer currently to update our news :-( Ugh I guess no apples & peanut butter for me RT  The  irreplaceable  moving on to bigger things within CNN RT  Katie's last day lucky ur home. i'm picking up my sisters. i got one early dismissal n now at the other one's school on irving park. When am I gonna be with my friends :'( hahaha awwww  well you outta be jealous of me then ;) What's the average price for a TVXQ photobook? All the prices on ebay are so expensive..D: I'm sad that I got into them late I miss my brother so much though  #comehomesoon colllld  but not so bad! What do you doo if you don't mind me asking. Sometimes I think to text you, then I remember that i can't I miss my baby  &lt;3 wow & I JUST texted you  why don't you have it? Stuck at home again yess thankyou:) was really hot lol :D havent got much of a tan thou  ahaThis fever So wanna be  in city hall right now  #NotGoingTo1D i had to deny it had college that day  and spoons! Aww man , he got the wrong Ruffle chips . . . “  ? “ Except for you! Fake ass homie.””
Nah you da homie 👍👍👻 Damn I sure culd use a FIX right now! Too bad SMH :-( RT  hate change! actually miss year 11 so much What's happened to Greys in the UK?  x Aaah mara  tho Signing out of the CDC for the last time Yeah, but someones stolen it  I couldn't find it anywhere xx where is my other owner?  i miss her so much.. I so wish I could :-( Network ooRT  Since morning  RT  Aww..*kisses*RT  Cc  RT " 1 of 2: Gpoyyyy RT  I wish I was going to Lost Canyon with everyone else this weekend so badly  camp and work crew back to Lmfao #subtweet It's pain to step out for a meeting in this cold :-( but it's a beautiful day outside . Eh! atleast it looks beautiful PLEASEE NOTICE MY TWEEETS  #MrCelebUKand1D Should follow me...But he won't. 7beeeby Junsu hahah i know  xx  I actually cried I was so proud of her...that's my baby. I wanted to be there for that. I used to love staying up, now I hate it.. Bas matyeeni ilnouma True!! D beards made him un-handsome RT  Gone are dose days wen he used to be a young,handsome and intelligent chap  Now Ve bn tryn to pack since,but nufn is goin well!  RT  *uses my handky 2 wipe ur tears* wat is it dear? RT  ( -̩̩̩͡˛ I Hate the fact that we in england are a day late with #Americanidol Sadd :-( I know, I hope you're ok b  &lt;3 i know  i may do it in half term gonna get my second holes re pierced first She just going keep sittin on my lungs  . 730 I need my fb password  twitter is
 Boring +_+ OMG that's terrible news :-( I'm assuming it was all very sudden. I'm ok thanks usual sore throat etc. Big hugs xx no I'm not, my hair is like a dead cat resting on my head,  &lt;3 xxxx got the email for stirling!! ahh excited...... slightly annoying that we have to get yet another reference... and in 7 days?? I missed Eastenders and American Idol tonight!! " #BecauseOfYou I NEVER STRAY TOO FAR FROM THE SIDEWALK. Too predictable?" I was going to put that  RT  Just saw a midget hobo. #hobosmakemesosad Feel bad that I can't make it to my cuz party tonight what a great day we had today.. I still can't believe it was our last very impressive! Mine was poor, too healthy I think I have sprained my thumb I don't have no money this weekend i dont want this semester to end Missing my chinese tonight!!!! Getting cyber bullied off girls  #HadEnough Based God never retweets or follows me RT  I Wanna Go Home And Lay Under Raven Awh  It's time already. e eu que queria assistir Dream High de novo antes de estrear Dream High 2 no i can't hear you... believe me I know I've shoveled it 3 times now and the stuff wont go away and I ache and my hair's wet #Aiite RT  Just kidding, *running after you* RT fweshberry: Ow  *Runs away nd never Comes baq* (cont) just passed the old Honda!  miss it! what did you just do haha. haha. I'm knew to this RT  A jungle called #Nigeria . Which way my brothers and sisters ?  lol kinda :P i'm not a huge fan of math!  oooh really? well guess what?! I WILL GET A SUNDAE RIGHT NOW! LOL LOL Lamide wants us to make babies inside dm Please tell me u dont watch big brother conor !  #itsshit! I have the same problem with joining games  It's on PS3 and can only join through Quickmatch - Any - Any :/ LOL aha alrights ! and wait you guys are sisters ? I never knew and nope they're sold out ! : ( neehhh i really want to but i don't know if i have moneys Wine goes to my head :-( I love your song "better than i know myself" is very cute, one day you greet me or retweet me?   Kisses from Venezuela&lt;3 You Cant be In Love With me When You Dont Even Know Me . Crummy day.  C'mon day get a little better? not a good one  & hayyy Poor husband is coming home from the dentist and I am to make sure he only eats soft foods.  poor guy! why don't you love me? Hot water bottle on my belly! get into my life pwease cos soon we are leaving uni  xxx So sad I didn't see  in the hall today Bombing! RT  RT  Please what happened in Kano aw  I miss Liam but glad to have Niall back Please leave oyinda alone! I'm sorry RT  I wish I was going to Lost Canyon with everyone else this weekend so badly  camp and work crew back to back would be a dream come true 😭 Oh I know where it is, I even mentioned you once this pastry, sadly it's really far from my place Hian!!!! Evils bro  " Cc  " X_x omg i just throw one stone nuh and hen start sprinting after me !! I really really really hate migraines That's grim  Hope you feel better soon... bad times!  It's because I have 3 tv shows to watch on  a friday :L desperately trying to get another A* in my next french gcse i lost my aunt yesterday morning  cant catch a break I Wrote you 800 times and you never Follow/reply me  I Love You So Much Hun..I Really Do, I'll Always Support you♥ ALWAYS 10 Truuuu , Haha me missy amanis phonee : ( I'll tell you at cassies &lt;33 I Really Tried determind to gt his attention, he's so cute i want to be the girl on the platform in the  advert I keep thinking we have a leak somewhere - then I remember - oh yeah, my house is melting. So sad to see 12+ inches go  #wamelt everyones pairing up & dating at workk.....  #foreveralone RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( My ankle hurts Jodie Marsh! Omg her faceeee i will tell u guys what happensRT  RT  I wish I was n Chicago getting snowed n wit yaw I actually hate my name, its so horrible, urgh  would love a unique name that nobody has, would be great. I don't see you anymore I guess I won't be going crazy This movie is depressing. aw I wasnt your first follower  oh well..how are you getting on? :D .x you know im moving VERY SOON Well got a lot of cute stuff shopping but I'm broke! Doing nothing on a friday is so bad! RT   OMGGG ur lucky tht  follwoing u  tell him 2 follow me im his number 1 fan x hey guys scribe to me on utube plsz im such a loner only 2 subscribes Just got really sleepy : ( lol so hungry man, ermm nah dnt think so bro dnt have no £ or nothing to wear I think it is best to get away .. I've never been so stressed out as I am right now saludos RT  What a horrible fucking day. That really upset me tho i never had any friends on it -- *pours a bottle of tylenol dwn your throat* get well soon !! : ( RT  Ugghhh i cnt believe im fckn sick *sigh* It be messed up when u think ur nigga is "ur" nigga... and come to find out he is community property :-( #sosad I know ok they hurt really bad se fuee?  ( live on theres no textbook for this course...  no notes allowed... I think i got one wrong too T.T Had 2 refreshers. My jaw aches. I have plans smh okay Not even one glass? I'm gutted Rhi I don't know where to find big chocolate hahaha what Yess! Big Scared, NERVOUS! it's horrible, like I can't walk for a long time cause I'm putting too much pressure on my back or something  pain!!! xx Goodnight my dearest Farzad, sleep well, I work tomorrow!  *HUGS* “ I'll miss you camaro  #RIP” ;( Feels like shite not good RT  Its a rainy day , i have this bed all to myself , and all i need is someone to cuddle with whys my upbeat girl in the dumps what gone wrong I wonder ow sme gehz cope wiv dia BF whu has mouth odour listening to Dave Matthews Band makes me miss you and your family Aaa thankz prisil,da tidor tu sore  RT   sctv now she said you couldnt come didnt she? everytime you tweet /follow fans i seem to be out, a sleep or at school  PLEASE NOTICE ME?xxxxxxxx hope yous are having funnn very sorry, really thought they would though! threw up 5 times today..my body so weak :-( that sucks "  okay, but you have to punch every single person I mention!" Fine with me! I hope I don't get hurt In the mood to ski atm.. :/ fu  for rubbing it in  LOL were going together soon! :D erm no I can't  now this is the time you upload a video of yourself doing it mwhahaha i sorry  . i'll be back earrrrrrly Sunday morning though -_- . ya know . for church . lol . wanna go ??! lol you're not alone . . I hate people that try & steal your boyfriends    YOU TOLD ME HE WAS UGLY. Damn she petty 4that smh RT   I freaking miss you ! You bluffed me on my bday i wanted to write to you on FB, Zala, but i had to go and now i am on my phone, i am so sorry :-( aww  I wish you could have came girlie♥ I'm having a tummy ache  NO BUENO!!! And aunty Rita said it oh"Nigeria are not safety enough" My bus is lame Im not going to be able to go  I literally cried.. but anyways YOU GO BOYZ YOU MADE IT SO FAR!! I know  ...but idk how some guys can be such jerks #notcool Why ain't people tweeting  my feed updates like every 2 minutes! oh okay then RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) geeze everyone is being mean about it and I'm sad about it. I'm gonna buy rogain for my eyebrows  #jerk your so lucky A Year Since My Bro Passed Away 2moro &lt;/3 :'(  &lt;/3 :'( RT   oooi, k ' eu to forever alone aq D:  Why is everyone dying this year? Not a great start to the year  x Miss baby Who would like to be my valentine THE SKINNY: Farewell, Etta James. ugh i hate when i call to talk to callie & nobody answers ummm we def do. Mommy & son weekend. This is our 1st for the yr. But it's snowing tonight & freezing rain 2morrow :-( I'm so sad I had to miss your live vlog  I've been waiting for one!!! wehh  are you moving far though? merh :-( I'll have no one to talk to xxxxx I LOVE YOUUUUUUUU! I CAN'T GO TO YOUR CONCERT HERE IN ARGENTINA, I'M CRYING I Think Sumthing Bit It it frozed on me too  ( live on why do i live next door to a crazy wall banger? shut up please this losing weight business is doing my head in Good Luck to the youth team against Villa tomorrow! Shame I can't play tho  #BCFC #COYB #Youth And this is the very group that the right wing in the US will disproportionately hit if they are elected. Bad news Right now they are back to their original state. Just hurt a loved one cause I won't be in canada to distract you righttttt?  please don't tell me I suck at my job. it hurts my feelings good, tired from yesterday  but umma go see #underworldawakening soon with the bro This is all so confusing Pregnant dog abandoned at SPCA, puppies freeze to death  This is so sad  Why they do this to them?? RT Hope you had a great New Year Chad, I've got my Spanish Oral on Tuesday! I AM SO NERVOUS ABOUT IT  RT  I with I had hyper extended jumps  
#cheer101 GWS dearie ♥  ({}) RT  So I hav to swallow 9 tablets ☹  #addicted to temple run Sad  i'm sick as a dog that swims in ice cold water.I acctually hate my life at this moment  FUCK YOU LIFE Danced killed me. Today sucks #NotHappy #CantSleep... and my damn foot is killin me but I think I now yyy it hurt :-( pmsl! I was stressed okaaaay?!?  sorry for shouting at you &lt;3 chinese & 'home' anyone? I miss it  xxxxx : ( , Im Bout To Cry ! RT  Wishing I could see him tonight It's really hard tearing myself away from Tumblr to do homework when I know it might not be there tomorrow 3 more points on the license today- pissedoff.com :-( I know *Yawn* Tell me about it It's saturday! RT  Anybody Fuck today? I'm tryin captain! but the past few times ive asked her she's turned me down only some , i never do I said hey!! :-( RT  Its so funny how bitches don't speak when they think you dont seem em #frauds I KNOW!!!!!! :-( and no problem!!!!! Arghh wants a McDonalds! Can't afford one  I may cry! RT  regina mean as hell Oh the sadness use someones!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lord please show us your face....too many innocent people are dying and those in charge of this nation are not bothered. #kano much better! 80 people turned up at the Beaminster meeting tonight but no Judy?  hope you're ok  shittest friday night Nothing really  RT  Hahaa what happened? ^_^ RT  The way my dad loves my sister ehn ! ... . caraa ! euu too tãoo tristee !   vocee neem imaginaa ! Why do I let people get to me  #saddddd wish I was  fml What cards have been upgraded?? Also ny big transfers done?? Fuck the forum... I do need it at times though RT  If I lay here, if I just lay here. Would you lie with me and just forget the world? // nee, sorry Ran out of pink lemonade my teeth hurts Do u know what I love about Friday evening? - nothing as my mrs is making me watch CBB :-( #shite you're more likely to die buying a lottery ticket than you are to win one... I went in to jcpenny today on my break to see u but u weren't there I want a puppy I think Craig hates now though I have to go to scarborough Omg just watched last night's episode of TVD, can't believe how amazing it was! Poor bby Stefan  I'm so in love with this programme. I didn't , I wanted to hug ya  ! My belly piercing is hurtin..ifink I got a bruise :\ x by the way, I saw you at Target like 30 minutes ago, but you were busy at work! jep haha.. Miss the kiddos LOL knowing me, that'll still fail  and my sister is hardly any better when it comes to "new" things :P we'd burn the house LOL That REALLY Rubbedddd Meee,And it Ruined My Night Lonely  quoted* GOD DAMN IT WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME AND TYPOS TODAY BUSTON!!!!!!! I'm sorry but I couldn't find that opi nail vanish anywhere in the colour you wanted :-( sorry! Rainy day. Sad mood. I just want to feel better Awww Missed U Too :-( okay  I'm not going then! Life sucks!! me too  I'm dating a wall btw....thats how loney I am y evils?" #gbam " Wake up bro! Ur sleep-tweeting " I just want the baddest bitch in the world r snow ps tell me how the game goes Just found the perfect dress...n too skint to buy it  #notimpressed i'm falling in love, but it's falling apart, I need to find my way back to the start nooo  i was just waiting for the shuttle in there lol Home. Nap time I guess pretty sure i just put on the weight i lost since new year... My mama bouta leave for work too - my mood went from :) to  for sme reason.... Bout to grab lunch/dinner at Liberty Place then off to job 2. I'm craving for some curry goat but no where close right now : ( See im confused  is bane a new villian and ra al ghul ? aww man too badd I cnt retweet this  but ilyyy bbyG :')!! I wanna meet one of my favourite hoolies! aw i'm sad i missed it I know I know  going to physio soon! same im sittin here watchin take me out  haha yes please cant wait :D Hey  
I won Tix to see  today at your show and I couldn't afford a flight. Lame right? Well, tell 'em to cross me off :-( Name and shame tu RT  This is mean, but I go through this one guys TL just laugh at his badly constructed sentences. wow that's cheap. I think I paid 30 for mine I can feel the high coming off. Even thou I don't talk to  and  all the time I still miss them all the time.... she quit tweeting me back I knoww  imu Lucky I lost over 1k over hacks Omgg my cleaning lady is soo cute  #loveher Slammed my thumb in my office desk drawer.  ouch Drinking pink cava chilling on sofa watching harryhill not gun lie now fancying  as im at the end of the bottle  #alcoholic haha im like casper im that white  so annoying haha, yeah probably will and all :) hopefully itl be a good night its been longer then a month since youve been gone, and i just have not been the same. i miss you so freaking much it kills me.  &lt;/3 I got dis dope ass shampoo &conditioner but I straightened my.hair already Hot wings & juicy juice!!! #no=shrimp was bullying me today , especially in 5th hour.  sorry I don't read Arabic yet Wait... Did i irritate you..? Canadian freestyler skier Sarah Burke died after an accident last week  RIP Oooooooooooouchies hurting so much from a heavy gym sesh :-( ok will do :D but I'm still on the train so it might not work  xxxxxxx&lt;3 I miss my cousin The rain is back.  Glad I made it out for a run before the winter wonderland at  turned to slush. wah! Don't tell me that! I'm starving  ! RT "   fuck Kobe. Lol "
LOL YEAAAH, i dont rly like kobe I look like a tomato again that's sooo soon!  I will! Promise! Like, this weekend soon! i really wanted a Bahama Mama but they were out of white chocolate . smhwhoa!you've made BIG progress in just four years!    im just trying to figure out why you havent been given a record deal I know daddy is angry, but he won't say aah  agsuyaguyagsuiags sowrrrrieee  feeel bettter ! Hopefully your kids behave ! you taught me to #NeverSayNever but iv been trying to get you to follow me for 3 years and Iv had no luck  please follow me? Y no hubo margarita con  x baby shower haha can't believe I tried to turn my phone upside down and type, I feel like a blonde bimbo now :-( T'es mourru hate having a sore head jersey shore doet traag yeah... I fangirled a liiiiiiittle bit. I think it won't lead to anything, though... sadly  Twitter wont load properlyyyy nope  both are about the same away but redding is less traffic than the retail park :) currently shlurpling a cuppa chaa to keep myself going! #iwilldothis RT  I have a fear of heights. ' Why not? When I grow up I wanna visit the poor people in Africa & give them plenty of food , All You can see is their bones  :'( meee toooo!!  #4monthstogo! I'm so tired of bein in traffic I wish I could have an exciting like like the Dudesons at lunch, Spencer just started crying  I feel so bad. we had a class meeting about it. we're collecting money for them. the skinnynesss ahh ON.TO.THE.NEXT RT  I've proper acquired a girl friend, and she aint even fucking me kmt i understand that being famous must be difficult, but im asking only one thing to #FollowMe.  ♥ 4  I know, even sadder to think you will never see some of them on tv together ever again. RT  Dragging myself out the front door for a run i love u so much and my dream is that u Rt and Notice Me but that's impossible because u never gonna see this tweet  5 Came to the trainers and  had already left awwhhh  I've just been unfollowed by someone who is amazing!! no more left :-( . I woke up to the news that my blue parakeet ive had since I was 10 has died dis I cant blive RT  I wnt Insult again! NurseJoy is so difficult to talk to  #EFFORT defo not allowed how comes babe? we we! Mi whats no sirve!  ya reinicie muchas veces mi cel :'( I need to take out my weave my hair is smelling alright  , well if you do you got my number no problem, and thankyou very much... guess I'll have to try make some new matalan friends She'll regret it in a few years when she hands it over for college and it'll still be something like "Princ3552012" or some shit aww  I'll tell you that thing if you tell me yours &lt;3 ach OMG at the insecurity problems happening in Nigeria!!! Mari bout to go w/his daddy, ima miss my baby meu bêbê  esta of no eme my tummy hurts :-( RT  I hate it when actors rehearse scenes next to me in coffee shops. I can never trust that what I'm eavesdropping is real or not ermm I'll go ask but probs not  what's happening bby? #twitterhug I hate being sick  I've been laying in the dark for the last 2 days because the light makes my headache worst you didnt text me its her birthday  please sing, were right at the back row g  #1derful my knees my knees #followmejaden Please hey I gotta go! :/ see u later ok? ^-^ Take care! &lt;333 My mom just said I can't dude !!  She's coming to pick me up Be careful. every tweet you do tortures me RT  I done cracked and broked 3 Evos because i let my anger get to me! Lol i miss my phone mane I was so sad towards the end of the day at work! Gonna miss my institution over this next month haha well thank you!! But Todd beat you lol nasty I wish I could go to the talent show tonight :-( #LackofaLicenseProblems not yet  Trying to get some. :/ 😞 RT  RIP Etta James. The world is less one amazing voice today. yeah I did that nothing still. I was so mad! Crying cause I'm alone. I'm a wimp, I hate being alone :-( that's soo true! but money  I want to learn by the time I'm done with uni though so I guess I'd better get started?... no I've just finnished work  and Worksop sat yay haha xxxx Daddy's home!! Last visit #happy but #sad i understand that being famous must be difficult, but im asking only one thing to #FollowMe.  ♥ 3 This is so so sad!Oh!Nigeria! These bastards called boko haram keep taking lives &go free..who will save us?? ARISE O LORD  #KanoBlasts I WANT MY BRACES OFF RT  Gitme neolur ~ vertaling  ? probably not uh ohs... do you know what it means when an embassy is closed? one step closer to war  #syria awww I'm sorry  well if I hear nething I'll let u knw jus n case. U have my number? Really want an Irish accent ugh mom gone too myrtle beach at my house alone with my lil bro so annoting he is watchin some stupid stuff on tv :) I don't think I'm gunna be out most of the day time with youlot in the half term awh I'm a day younger this makes me so sad! I wanna cuddle tonight &  isn't here  who am I ever gonna find to fill in for her! Just this one time... don't feel like doing much right now... some things gotta be done, though  #annoying It's all ur fault Ahhh missing old times and people I used to be close with so much  #growingupisshit I'm the same  I'm an only child,was bullied at school from age of 9 when we moved to w.coast,got married at 18 and moved You have no idea! The guy that was doing my hair is sick today so somebody else is doing it #scary I already cracked my egg ur bored am bored too my 18th bday is coming up & all Ive been tweeting about is how I want  to tweet me  maybe youll be nicer and tweet me &lt;3 fuckin ages man it is, it is. lmao. aaww well didn't know dude. Gonna tuck into my hairbo now  hahahah Not managed to get my computer running this morning. Is this an omen for the rest of the day?  nobody appreciated my #BecauseOfYou tweet :-( Dunno, but they're making music! Travie just posted a photo on FBSo  is on American soil? - no I know awwww bun sowwy Im so late but I miss u too my lady :-( unfortunately 90% of our students are free/reduced lunch. Justin, for God's sake notice me when you came here in Brazil I saw you from afar, I miss you here !  #FollowMe I LOVE U 178 Omg I think I'm sickk never notice me.... I can't remember  I was just so happy with my award I didn't listen to any others! dhhfgjcjgg "*quints pumpum*" LOOOOOOOL why do I have friends like this RT  Rude people is just a turn off . u shudda never start joosing niggas with golds in their mouth i wish  was home to build an igloo with me What happened, honey? &   I LOVE  CIMORELLI!!!&lt;3 I wish all of them would follow me & tweet me waaaaaaaah i want food RT  RT  RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( I would be so happy if you follow i wanna go ice skating today but im not going to cuz i dont have a ride Head hurt sorry  im soo0o0o excited though!!!! hittin up haddonfield and the shore that week too #getatme #summer2012 lol yeah she really wants to but we haven't made a lot of progress because she's always tired from work Excuse me ??? no way!!! i don't want Elijah evil like Klaus I need more people to text.... My phone young :-( Idk Aww just cry  look at dm I hate hw aight I can't explain how I actually feel towards you This really makes you think about life RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" wowww...i retract my last tweet then if this is how youre going to respond...  #single ima miss you in Spanish two I hate being grounded because with everything taken away it give me plenty of time to think about things  #soalone that sucks!!!! i dont get it RT  when your together with all your bros and ones missing - feel crap and got work at 7am shouldn't of worked tonight at all heba I don't remember not liking u, woman  what made u say that. Also, ur parents r doctors? Lossing badly at Monopoly :-( I have no money will be gutted if i can't see   is my idol and they are amazing. :-( Askies RT   hahaha u can't laugh at a man's pain RT  My Pain Went Away But Now Its Back RT  My birthday is far away needs to be soon :D ♥ Past few days have made me realize I miss Ryan  One year tomorrow! Gonna be a tough day. RT   does that mean I really am the same age as him? :o  &lt;&lt; No, no one is as old as Neill (but me  ) i hate snow if its not on Christmas day or on a skiing trip :-( no fair oh shitttt......Yeaa  I don't wanna Ha. Hands u a box of tissue. Peleka masida choo! :-P nxt tym.. RT  I missed Eastenders and American Idol tonight!! That for me, it isn't over hope u see my tweets for u  Brazil loves you Sean Cannot wait for #Summer  RT  Wild Winter Weather Stretches From Coast to Coast Juss wah reach home before the snow start she used a cheap flat iron to straighten and burn my hair. I stopped her after the first section. Hair is a mess right now My night in has been made 10 X worse by the fact I'm home alone all night :-( Been having a headache all day I anticipate a big telling off for something I don't know what I've done wrong, but can I retaliate nnnnooooooo  #angry PORN ! :O want some ahh a bug just jumped into my lemonade...it is NOT a swimming pool  #stupidbug imma let you drown just cause i wanted that lemonade :/ U r awesome ALWAYS!! I hope so too. She told the girl im hanging w/ 2nite bout it and shes mad at me now I'm sad that my porn haven is gone. awwwww i miss you too!! sometimes i wish things were like the old days RT  I hate when I don't know something and then I go to a higher knowledge source and they don't know either WWWYKI :D Unfortunately, they gave us fake chicken the only fat that won't go away What I would do for a Jäger Bomb right now. :-( yes! That'd be hilarious! I really want to wear some footed pjs, but I don't have any imy just make sure to visit RT  :-( srrryyy..I miss u Yo Yo!! RT  so im mad  doesn't go here anymore! phone on 13% battery!  where's my charger?! all gone quiet..... Washing? RT  Please leave oyinda alone! I'm sorry RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( I love and miss you. &lt;3 don't like this feeling .. hope it goes away what's wrong?? Sorry love muffin my lip is still swollen &lt;&lt; triped me 2 daii in da hall way ppl were laughin @ me n Now i have a BooBoo(cut)  (Not rlly sad) lol If yall dont like my basement.. Fuck yall! Lmao I almost got a splinter tryna clean! Yep  RT  Bottom line, none of the remaining GOP candidates is likeable. I have consumed around 96 oz of Gatorade today, and I don't feel any more like an alligator than I did this morning.

What a gyp. I made a total mess wit my dinner, Beans :) just got bak to tulane we misss you to!!  come home Bruno please make my day and follow me ? I miss your tweets. Just got my iPod software updated. Bad news: all my music and apps were erased. I've been neglecting twitter!!! Went to Verizon and they brought the wrong otter box I wanted  #sadday Sleepless  Laughing @  tweets - hilarious! Work 5-9. Tired and sick as balls  ughh #notcomfortable RT  Why did they have to kill the reporter Tec Just Crushed My Friday In One Tweet : ( bad news...I left the tix at work even if I turned around now I wouldnt make it back on time nooooooo ricky just died, it makes me so sad everytime RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( what about us :-( Not use 2 my lil man layn around like this : (like certain people talked to me and now they have changed so much fuck. what now? You say that to me? She want KILL ME and You! And she ever sand me HATE tweets!  And she folowed me now..  &lt;3 u that's what I'm finding upsetting, so sad Ugh, Star Wars Uncut is Special Edition.  An entire generation of children have no idea what the original cut is like. I stayed in Champaign no I have the worst luck Apparently, I have a thing for assholes Tonight is going to be dedicated to studying for exams... fucking sucks  #ratherbedrinking Vanessa didn't even 100% for sure know he was cheating. Should have gotten a lie detector test. The hoe just wanted an excuse to divorce awwwww!!!!! &lt;/3 im sad tooooo I'm not messican  RT “  make some?” I would like to go have a drink w/ a few friends tonight...but idt this tummy of mine will allow it Etta James, The music that she sang is her legacy. I think Rachel Crow is the proof when she sings one of her songs.  Joe aint tryna bring me some rice :-( It's too cold  but my heat finally works :) kkkkkkkkkkk afff ahhh is a little late for that my friend!!! ya no voy a llegar a la casa Unsuccessful percussion lesson  :L now for coronation street :D haha! :) what did you think...? Are u/girls up to much tommorow. Haven't seen them in ages  wanna take them out. #funday Desole RT  RIP to those that died in the kano bomb blast and channels news correspondent that was killed too  :'( RT  The decision on Salman Rushdie hurts ordinary people like us who speak up against extremists.  Govt is telling us you R on yr own RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" Its half 9 on friday night and I'm in bed due to work at 7am  I'm being sensible this weekend and staying, plus I've no money till friday woah, looks well nice  want so many piercings Unfortunately  
The hot guys are few and they're in 10th to 12th grade i guess its just like that helloooo! can i borrow your howie day cd? tragically lost all of his files  pleaseeee! Atlst I'm not 1 man RT" don't be ashamed, I'm xhosa and I can't speak zulu RT  My zulu is horrible ey Its cuz i wasnt their i know you missed me lol RT  ready for school to be#OVER ughh.headache's are #NOT wssp RT  I hate it when actors rehearse scenes next to me in coffee shops. I can never trust that what I'm eavesdropping is real or not stop shouting yes yess all finished :) now dreading waking up at 6 for it again  how's ur day been? How's mummy? And haluu?xxx So irritated with it all. I NEED something 2 go my way for once. Its frustrating and takes away all my ambition to put more energy in2 it Megaupload ist tot. I know RT  R.I.P my beautiful baby Dasher...always and forever in my heart &lt;3 we are gonna miss you so much you're meannnnnn Archie needs to piss, but he doesn't want to break the seal Stuck at work. Need a life. Im tired i give up.. #nsn only works for people who have luck since i dont have any luck ifive up jadens never gona follow me..-_______- I miss your tweets to me (what never happend) :D Please follow me Justin!!!!!!! I don't know enough about cars to go to an auction. And I'm really naive/gullible too. I'm scared of getting ripped off. I would die to be in Boston with my cousins  #snowjealousy and I love them haha (: :-( Sorry you can't make it. Somehow I don't think I could persuade my boss to arrange nappy changing facilities. I KNOW Everyone is sick  Salamat ♥ RT  Blocked nose ='( I'm still trying to finish up homework I feel so depressed right now. RT  I'm not finsta play with Nuney lol #stella why am i now watching the simpsons?! RT  i miss cross country It's never really over  RT  #DeephouseFridays is almost over though.. ☹ this all bad aww... that's sad.  ah~ Infinite. they have gained so much popularity in 2011. i like Paradise and white confession :D Staying in tonight, and for the next THREE FUCKING WEEKS!  Need to save for holiday. Hitting Koo's when I've got some cash though! Lets signup for fitness first together;) im gonna signup when my momcomes back,I can't afford not to eat kinderbueno 24/7 RT  Snow ruined all my plans.. I can't seeee!!! JB worked on 4S but after it failed on my iPad 2 while reboot, it says on the mac program "recovery completed" and that's it did you DM your email address? It hasn't shown up in my inbox i wish  would someday notice me... but that's probably not going to happen  but if it did, i love you and your music &lt;3&lt;3 how come you changed your name to 'whattheffacts'? what's even worse is having an mp3 player that sometimes won't accept your changes to the metadata... Fuck you #cowon :-( “ What the hell is going on?

# Stella” They clearly want us to see more of The Simpsons I miss you love!!!! I feel like we haven't done anything together in years now ur all grown! my room is spotless so leave me alone Kk I want a hug from  right now RT  When I grow up I wanna visit the poor people in Africa & give them plenty of food , All You can see is their bones  :'( Im a lil anxious than usual wish I wasn't grounded so I could celebrate  birthday with my friends...  #np i think you've just evicted yourself by doing that :-( if there was anything wrong with your kids, you'd be told !!! Got Tweet Limit AGAIN  Annoying x ... Exactly  but drunk actions are sober thoughts... Or however that shit goes ? love NY :-) ZocDoc in NY... what am I missing ? :-( “ I'm home  No one will add me on Skype 'coz I'm not loved hey you never said bye to keeva. she's ten and she's sad now... lemme live with you?  Let's murder this Susan bitch outta the way. When he smiles... Ahhh I melt. And when raises his eyebrow &lt;3 only just seen your tweet. So jel of you all going out tonight erm... I heard that it might got catched in customs duty... It might take a little longer until I get it.  I'm very sad. Damn I'm not going to have time to go food shopping before the storm... I guess hamburger helper and other struggle meals for the weekend sorry that you had to wait for me so long I wanna be able to play rugby Awh I wish I was more British with an adorable accent RT   is one the people I love most in this whole wide world.. &lt;3 I really miss spending quality time with her tho.. i'm out Bla /: I want people to come over  I'm all bored & alone Kany kany:p al7een ataeetlckm layn agul bas:p;****  , Wench !! Missing your tweets Always pickin on the littler one, Jacoby! no  hbu? DEF tomorrow though!! Hate feeling like this they just closed the city colleges early. That might mean hazardous travels for you. :-( let's get up tomorrow night! And b safe I forgot to tweet about how excited I was that senses fail will be on warped this year. Too bad  will be in Croatia  #oldtimes My head hurts Yes!!! I was thinking that something was not rightWow that one hurt. shhh  and I know you'd be a giant wish you would &lt;3 me is because i heard babitos name on your rap and im jealous... Told you i'd fail on the game. To my chgo famil and friends. Please be carefull out there today!!!!!! This snow is NO joke.  Yes im texting, i got stopped by the train :-( Apologise to all my followers for multiple #Millionpounddrop tweets. It's all I got goin on a Friday night :-( I missed it :-( need to catch up! I love it !! I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 49 hmph  :p omggg I would love to but I don't think I can  isn't it sold out?! you areeeee! Don't deny it " I WANT MY BRACES OFF " yo too #WeHaveFitTeeth. Hahaha :P and omg I know! My biggest fear losin a tooth! Or gettin a fillin or anything like that! RT  I aint get no #FF love RT  Attention followers: if your page is on PRIVATE please take it off because I can't see your tweets last spare  so sad. I got my check too! Haha not enough tho work tommorow  kill me now! Work tonight  #ihatethemb well i may need him to drive  cuz when we get out here and movin stuff its mot gonna be enough room for everyone in one car but my day isn't complete tho because I didn't talk to best friend the whole day. Lol well at least she's growing on you RT    no her yodeling annoys me but been liking her music a bit lately... We ran out of hot water I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 48 RT  I always want something back after i loose it but i know ill never fucking get it back and thats what upsets me the most Damn I want a pickle now I'd like to thank   cause he tweet said she is in a pickle and I want one now LOL I think I'd be ok with AS but then A2 - That nigga w| tha braids and tha jolly ranchers.. oh.. I'm really sorry to hear that chuck, hope you're alright  &lt;3 Whats with the new pic? I'm not... I'm just not. hahah it happens to me all the time RT  I wish i had 100% perfect vision, i absolutely hate wearing contact lenses and glasses :-( I thought I found it ... I wanted to go to  's house tonight but that ain't happening w/ all this damn snow  Hopefully tomorrow.... :) RT  I wanna see Red Tails. But I don't have anyone to see it with me i miss grecia jah like Not because I don't want one...but no one Asked  *tear* still got about two weekends tho lol We didn't get the cottage, which makes me very sad. Must try and find room for acquired furniture intended for it now. Argh, must de-junk i don't have my phone aw same here lol  but its nice to just relax sometime :P wah i wish i could go out to dinnnnner wiff my family l6efa 76at bmu5y eny at'6arb m3 she3ya hey... Where are u going? Do u want to close this acc?? Why?  this is my email marthalani that was SUCH a ruushh &lt;3 ahhh ! sosososo fun ! but now i have to go to work I'm really fuckn hungry No  Here don't come my idols, i wanna be English or Canadian. I wish she would email be back already. RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" I Got A Cold Take me out is a show of shame  But I do love me some Ray Foley ☺ why!?! Damn this cold to high heaven Boo, no reply what to my shirt : ( U know, I still wonder what the other ooo's in 'LOOOOL' mean!! it's very pretty but I agree with you, I don't think the blue would suit me  would rather have the original lol don't worry plenty more where that came from  xx they are sold out  x Yup. Today. She was terminally ill after dementia. aww man! That sounds great but I can't today. sorry for the pop-ups on the web site. I did not receive any donations this year Hate when Nellie leaves me oh ouch, what a let down  SO SOZ Wish I could go to WPPI this year...  Next year... next year... wasn't meant to be. So my eye sight has gotten even worse?  this sucks... ..  .. Lol . Its All Good . You Didnt Invite Me To Your Bday Dinner wish you were here too Khawatir sm   Safe flight ya Tz Rily Sad  " RIP ENENCHE AKOGWU! RT   I quote ChannelsTV " We officially confirm d death of Channe I guess I'm the last person on her mind  that kinda hurts but like a said things are lookin up for me I want to see #redtails not in the budget though maybe next weekend :-( Stella sort your self out no sound Booooooo  Lol... You start the other place yet? I have to come see you, maybe Saturday :) i miss you  i know you really feel the same.. haha please come back to Mexico soon;) te amo my tweet didn't send :-( sorry! I thought it did?! I don't know something that we can both make unique...ahaha xxxx “ “ sorry girls  mollie I told you we were at brown fence why didn't you come and beck not my fault RT  Shawol I really miss Onew  #RT if you do too . getting ALL of my homework out of the way so i can have a nice relaxing weekend. it's time to takle P.E theory  i bid you farewell tweeps lucky! ikr haha, he's going to be 18. growing up WHAT PHASING ME OUT  that's a bullet to the heart you insensitive ruthless piece of sh.....my whatsapp is working fine! RT  Sorry love muffin I wish dragon ball z and digimon was still cool too  #goodshows have to go to the temple RT   it wasnt my fault Hate it when you have painted your nails and one of your nails chip Just been doing some weight lift and I have hurt my right shoulder Don't wanna work tomorrow RT  I hate when I don't know something and then I go to a higher knowledge source and they don't know either At this rate, I ain't doing shit tonight they took my platelets from me Stef won't Pick Me up Imma miss her this weekend feel better dad #&lt;3 You poke my ribs  My ribs are extremely sensitive, plus Mark pulled me off my chair while he was stealing my shoe :/ wednesday  hehe its worth it for straight teeth though. my teeth are starting to hurt less but i keep biting down on them ah So tired but I doubt I'll be able to sleep I want somealso i seem to be losing twitter followers at a steady clip recently, um, i hope i haven't been annoying lately or something? ohhhhh no such thing  my iphone broke down and no Ipod miss my Spotify music I work 5-close tonight. when your talking to someone but you dont know what to say, Daddy makin the bread...and im doin housewife shit..lol  its tooo many damn clothes the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  96 RT  I hate it when actors rehearse scenes next to me in coffee shops. I can never trust that what I'm eavesdropping is real or not haha well i did  lol yeee best not haha but it would be cold :-( Sooo im feeling some kind of way today   Maybe IN NEED OF A DRINK! He really is! I was meant to go see Odd Future in April but I've got no money :-(  RT  4. A Good Mother takes care of his Children"" So..whose taking gym..? 3rd block....I DON'T WANNA BE BY MYSELF why? RT  RT  - My Baby  Hurt  My Feelin Yesterday  "wont happen again I got yo word .. my minutes ran out earlier ahaha Just checked all the t mobiles in my area for those tb m5 and none of them have any in stock  #sadface When somebody calls me ugly I feel super sad for them because I know how hard it must be for the visually impaired not anymore, mums on now By the looks/costs of it I think Papa Bear might say eff it... #ByeByeBlueberryYumYum I wish I could lay in bed all day  instead I've gotta work R.I.P. Etta James. Cancer is the most awful thing Bed time, super early wake up call in the morning i know  they were perfect as well Loved Moves Like Jagger haha!! And poor Finn!! Nearly cried when they told him bout his dad  #glee xx RT  I hate it when actors rehearse scenes next to me in coffee shops. I can never trust that what I'm eavesdropping is real or not so mean now its quiet again hope your ok  haven't seen you in ages!! Xx RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) I'm completely dead *high fives* Shit, when can we explore together?! LoL Hate when I have to tell another dude where to find spots. oh so i was wrong Damn allergies are keeping me up. i'm gonna miss them so much i'll never stop believing i'll believe that one day you follow will follow me JB you love your fans,i'm exit     xxx talking about the cruise ship disaster yeah! i dont know  they just stopped it! Nothing to do today  I only have 27!! Think urself lucky lol #billynomates :-( u better, kuz I don't wana buy it and then not be able to go  haha are u forsure?? I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 53 your lucky you met her  i haven't ever seen her  xx So much for going to the mall JWB does not have Facebook. Had to use my inhaler today. SHUT UP YOU'RE MEAN I miss my boo Badtimes when fifa wont let me play online I wish I went to work today  even in pain lol  Ahhh, thick hair is no joke man. Why isn't my scalp dry yet? RT  I wish I had money to get my nails doneee Don't wanna go to work don't wanna go to work don't wanna go to work in regards to DL falling out of favour with Daz etc really put the kybosh on it it's 10:30 pm here. i'm waiting for 12:30 pm for your twitcam. i love u &lt;3 ! reply me.you followed me yet &lt;3  In all honesty, Em tried to make brittany the main girl, she CHOSE to be a wam bam Ima feel so left out when everybody gettin throwed tonight man I didn't know what to say اظن لأ :-(  Ya hot  RT  Branden just be using me for my friends  he never wants to hang with just (cont) man tell me about it but the site days they won't be released they're just a sample Headache!  :& Decided not to volunteer at Viet Fest because of this itis, Miranda is so beautiful, I want her miss you yesterday I swear I. ♥  Pls follow me Im Getting Unfollowed  I think im ganna cry :'( I don't want any kids.  but I love kids. I take 1020299299 pictures and all my Avis are the same photos I feel like crap and I have to nanny  #rough Heeyah RT   RT " So so sad! RT  May u rest in peace! Killed in Kano bomb ... the new ugly heartbeats I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 52 ugh “ I love the smell of weed” Haha my fone crashed jor RT  BadtMahn_Johnne When I Was Around, you Didnt Even Ping Me RT  The struggle is real even among the toddlers :'( I just wanna crawl in a hole & die right now. Feeling like C R A P.  #sick BBC News - Etta James: Soul legend dies in California  &gt;&gt; Very Talented and Pure Soul :-( Lmao  I know, shiiitttt! RT   bitch you ain't got shit to do no how “ I need to do something fun tn  I'm sick of thinking!” Being in a coffee shop surrounded by college students makes me miss college/covenant  #newstageoflife #weirdgrowingup me too. and i have to cheat on rickett now the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  95 I want an iphone waaaaaa  fed up of my piece of blackberry shitt. my 2 year old boy is In Hospital coz he might av diabetes  but he's making me smile coz he's singing a  song :) he's so cute! RT  I have consumed around 96 oz of Gatorade today, and I don't feel any more like an alligator than I did this morning.

What a gyp. #BecauseOfYou I can't sleep so I can't see the women of my dreams anymore my friend left this morning aw really? I would have thought they would have brought it out again cos of the 3d version :-( x I need a pick me up  #worstdayever I'm getting nightmares now cuz on every tuesday and thursday @ school they gona force us 2 do a hour of athletics practice!! I'm going home tonight! I want you aww ok then  #SpoilSport :P Woodland Idol is tonight  I wish I could go!Baaack to work tonight  boo. what's up  Xx Nearly crying at big brother omg how sad!!!! My veins are all up right under my skin. I hope they go away with the illness no Haleem CDs no salen mis whats lol, I want some now I did..she said "She'll be alright she's with my goldfish Nemo." RT  Are u gonna tell ur daughter about Etta? yeah but it's still a day off :s I hate Monday because I have to go back to school, Sunday never did anything wrong though too much potterheads became the hunger games blogs I got a fuccin heat patch on my neck! That shit killing me i think this is the last time ill cry tonight  #cbb Awww letters from home! I hate rushin damn...i had one in college.. Bt it was so needed. I can already see it shit ain't gone be the same Nomoe About to head to work.... Still in my injured state RT  If Ur Bf Calls U More Than Twice Erryday,Not That He's Caring......NOPE! NIGGA JUST DOESNT TRUST YA!! RT  My belly is speaking tongues  « mines talking japanese lol I was not on twitter tho  but I had to come back and clear that up! Justin follow me pleasee RT  thought i just saw  , but i was wrong jealous  ughh!! #notfair I hate the rain ....it have me feeling some way texts won't send what about me Oh ignore my last tweet....and good lol I'm sorry I will never tweet like that again O_o RT  And aunty Rita said it oh"Nigeria are not safety enough" its been a rough ass morning. and i have to work tonight  #workinggirlproblems Having fuunn? i miss yous so much Awww  I hope it gets better *rubs your head && gives you a big ol hug.... I would tell you to come over...but I'm contagious  I'm bored ashwey! Damn, depression creeping back in, but can't take my new meds until tonight... hahaa #WeHaveFitTeeth ;) yeah i know, horrible Game night tonight with all my friends minus someone special RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" man please try to make the " Challenging! "release to stop those dummiers it's impossible like this,always dummiers.ugh i got kicked out of pennstate headed home  ........ Lawl jk i was on the blue loop id neva leave u RT  Singing legend #EttaJames has passed away.  :-( hii , i miss you too I have the family's bad English which has consequences of me having to have extra English lessons  #howborning I have no energy #PoopSWAG RT  My boss is two hours late & counting, and she just realized she's been driving around with dog shit on her shoe. i know how you feel  we had to speed walk to the science building from the gym right after basketball. I'm at the point where it feels like a left click mashing game RT  When you see the ones you love glowing, you glow. When you see the ones you love hurt, you hurt! : ( ahh I hate it when that happens :'( :/ RT   RT " So so sad! RT  May u rest in peace! Killed in Kano bomb blast! Dedicated reporter! you sing AMAZING why you don't have like a great solo so cold  #help RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) Haha I like this! You both have cool usernames, mine is dull! #ThingsICantStand exam time! Ok why do I have to miss  follow back friday everyday!!! I can't do this Crying at people's letters Ifu leave today Im not my train come toma I feeeeel so shit omg hun what happened?! :O why did u faint? Night in on me bill as the bitch wants to go home  family guy again? Lol 19? Wow. Awsome, body must be work of art aye :). Im blank canvas so far oh aww  your from Indiana too right? hey moyo RT  I hate it when actors rehearse scenes next to me in coffee shops. I can never trust that what I'm eavesdropping is real or not damnn it was that bad to drive. When did you leave? Around 2pm I can't  I'm gonna save more money then we can?! Cause I only have $66 uh oh! save girl save, i always try to save for a tattoo then spend it  trying my best to save! xxxx getting so teary at big broter Should be going to basic training with Nicole next Sunday #lifechanging :-( #regret :/ emotional best of luck Nicole gunner love you xxxxx Awwwwww awesome!! Heehee, i'm older than you! :D.. I feel old Downside of winter its too fucking cold to hang Ewww snoowwww again what is our life?! I wanna get drunk i have never been this bored in my life I Miss My Baby  (J.E.) I hate embarrassing myself  #500aDay Letters from home make me cry :-( #cbb I need someone to go to the gym with me tonight, scared to go alone  lol Someone come walk my dog with me RT  #BecauseOfYou I had to get on #DEPO greeting at kirk  #blesshissoul Damn the trip to the city today brought back mad Oasis memories, miss those days  #Oasis2011 why am i so sad Watching the clock tick until the death of me awww kirk is crying on #cbb RT   it's horrible, like I can't walk for a long time cause I'm putting too much pressure on my back or something  pain!!! xx RT   Meow so sad for  mmeeeeooowww  #wlf I miss you more !! My 7th period isn't complete without you & sick ahhh jealous! like so so jealous Awww kirk  don't cryyy can you follow me Cus I soiled myself in my exam by accident earlier now I'm embarrassed &  OMG!! I miss miss u guys already  Have fun these weekend and take a shot for me! #lovemysisters #happy21st going to sleep soon, I'm so freaking tired aw my babys crying Going to get my dermal yanked out an repierced  #ouch nthat kind of mean I wanna party................#jealousefriend this is sad aaaaahRT   Please Follow me.. Every day i try to be noticed by you yay thats good news, I'm glad it can be treated! But migraines suck Im on meds for them 2  just happy you got some answers sis oh my gosh  CRRRRYYY!!! wahhh i cant retweet this! It's blocked what?! RT   is sad at mee now . dont be sad awwww love you too! I'm sad I couldn't go out though RT  U know my daddy used to make me take off mu clothes if they were too revealing and he threw them away :-( Skype while we r there & get shisha going in yr room :P I miss my red hair nargh took the wrong greyhound. on the one going to yorkdale and then the bus station Now Im Getting Reallllllllyyyy Madddddd , Peace out social 10, LOL jk see you in summer school Turns out I can't make it tonight...  Maybe another time Yanni! Miss ya!!! She doesnt like me  xxx no  I have class remember lol. But I am going to sl today I'll be there for the weekend I think I want to go see Red Tails but we are suppose to get freezing rain today. :-( I don't know WTF is up with my phone, it literally just died  il try fix it when I get home! Haha dont cry !!!  ha LMAO. OK TAKE DAT BYKE.... I LOVE MY BFF. I SO SORRY oh no  wanna talk about it?? &lt;3&lt;3 RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Same Here  “ I can't wait to grow outta my ugly phase” it's really annoying cos Hyosung keeps interrupting my bias relationship with Zinger  &lt;/3 long I really plan this but my wallet doesn't I MISSED YOU TOOOOOOO :-( J'suis mort  (inlove) No more sushi ah bummer....i thought so  haha, thanks Sean! Great tool for use in technical designs bydaway #Sitecorerocks #templatediagram I Miss u you should of what stupid thing needs to be pushed right to go left so confusing  it took me and Sarah ages as well That sux, hope  can help you! I wish I had someone to call MY OWN  #Love  #sucks &lt;/3 &lt;3 &lt;/3 :)  :) what's your name i'll find you. did you go to the Ritz last nite? Chem Comm just ain't the same without  come backkkkkkkkkkkkkk Why does big brother have to use a song from Harry Potter for the reading of their letters from home?! me too  i dnt want him to cry! xx RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( yhu aint tell me bye I want to give kirk a hug RT  Got a text but it wasnt from the person I wanted it 2 be Shity ass mood Big Brothers so sad I Hate Wen They Spin Tf Oudda Mehh : ( ! Okay, I'm going to sleep now.. tvoh is so boring without you u r not follow me back awwwww BB letters made me cry already Nice of you to not say bye this morning!  Bet you miss me already, or at least Baileys probably does! Awh #cbb is so sad you haven't got them posters yet have u? This is ridiculous RT  They Say U Never Forget Ur 1st Tym.........Well Clearly,'THEY'.....NEVER MET QC & UNILAG GURLS!! He's a creeper Oh haha sorry, didn't get a notification ting! It was Christmas temp only  no more jobs going wehhh that should be me holding ur hand...
that should be me feeling ur kiss....
but it's impossible..hmm... 
however,i love u...zayn... Ima make another 1 of these turkey Bratwurst burgers, I wanna grill them  but they're going in the skillet I miss you so much! :-( I tried moving on w/o u its nt wrkin. Aaaahhhhhhh #smh this freakin sucks. he dont bring nothing to show, thought he would of been more outgoing :-( want him to go xxx yup :-( RT  #ThingsICantStand the way my horrible body looks :-( I would submit mine but I think three years late is a little too late :-( What's wrong? 😞 RT    😔😔😓 ahh dont cry I understand. It's hard to face the reality that they aren't real. I still fantasize about detectiveward. #ThingsICantStand living so far away from my bffl Aww Kirk  #respectyourself awwww man now im sad n yea I left at 8:15 lol Omg just wanna give him a cuddle  #cbb Def studying the weekend. Finished watching The Unforgiven with Audrey Hepburn. She lights up the screen & her acting is just wonderful. Wish she was alive today  x i hate waiting at the airport It kinda sucks that my bestfriend is in jail RT  actually.. there wont be free puppies  BUT there will be smoking hot dancersss lolol #nhsvdt No  Can you bring me some anyway? :) &lt;3 RT My brother doesnt like my hat to all those that get late replies from me, I swear I've been trying to reply for the past two hours, it's just my signal is awful :-( Reeeeealy wish hall and oats and the beach boys toured If I could bring him I would  my spoiled child yeah yeah whatever I'll just cry myself to sleep!! Was going to but I'm sleep and skint from vet bills  x ( -̩̩̩͡˛ -̩̩̩͡ ) RT  Watching Channels News, d newscaster was almost in tears Its Friday night!!!!  Wooohoo oh wait a minute I have nothing to do oh dang, you should've told me!  & it's home right ? thats my shooting guard. I wish I was cheering the game tonight My toes are super cold  I hate the snow.. Im in Maple just was at the high school i salty i didnt get to see my big sister  i saw her but i was to lazy to get up I wish I could see you right now. Wishes she got more attention.... #Soconfused Aww I'm crying, these letters are so sad! Im sorry  can y'all go to finals? #TheMillionPoundDrop just mugged me of a million quid  Its Mr. T cant help but shead a tear at #CBB I wish my facial hair grew like my pubes do what abt California? i knooow  because im going somewhere Omg #LittleBlackStars stop mentioning  :@ i want her to reply to me  only me YES THIS YES. twitter took ages to show me my replies Omg when they get letters from home its so sad  #cbb LOL but loads have been uploaded  but I will do later ^^ahh, brann  i feel for ya, atleast it's not a semester like mine was ! it's okay :))) aw. I'm not too bad, my stomach still hurts like all the time though  xxx veal is baby cow So I accidentally unfollowed a few people :/ and now I can't follow some back cause their accounts r private Losing my voice Good..RT  My phone gon be dead before I get off Crying at all the letters on Big Brother! im so boreed I'm going to miss you too How emotional is #CBB I think I may cry :-( Finde sin ir a ferrol     miss U laayyy downn “ Ouch  my abdominal area hurts really bad  I can barely walk ... I'm in so much pain” He told us to die  haha jk. Anyways very good sniping man. Live comm is alway ( Saw the sun shining & got ready to go chase geese. Now it is raining again. Very grumpy toddler right now.  mom is rather grumpy too. Havent been on here inna minute : ( omg I swear everything is my fault I'm not in the mood anymore.  next time! Haha I knowww #handacrosseyes bad times! Haha yeh I did thankyaa sorry had low battery like all day so :-( haha x I missssh you too no no, just from Love Film, but you see the cover art. I used to have it on DVD but had to give it away coz it was a region 1 : ( .... I don't think I'm going anymore.. But I love daily updates about #FC's strange behaviours... Someone at Sky had BETTER lose their job tonight. Just as we got to the bit with the lovely  too :-( #stella Omg sitting crying at  crying, I don't think you got/appreciated/liked my joke. omg im not even gonna have time this weekend to even study cause of dare to share! -.- idk why i signed up Think I might be at a school party tonight I feel unspecial. Only got one #FF today... My mum and dad keep saying I look like a boy with hair like this. dreams crushed. was supposed to meet  at  to make up for not meeting him in Pontiac, but now the tix money is 4 college. so many things to do!  and I'm bored no way, could of told me!  xx hahahahaha ._. Thankss i know it  haha Stop crying guys. You making me cry aswell. Ayyttssss. don't even. Am dying. Wish I had one  haha xxxxx !!!RT  Boyz n tha Hood Ricky just got lit up RT  RT  RIP to those that died in the kano bomb blast and channels news correspondent that was killed too  :'( My son woke up from his nap with the only tantrum  he just stopped crying after 30mins Nicola you selfish idiot! But aww Kirk  #Cbb really??why?? RT  Beamer breakdowns canceled  waaaaah RT  I hate it when actors rehearse scenes next to me in coffee shops. I can never trust that what I'm eavesdropping is real or not *peas *thing * I am *my sister. It didn't all fit ac is better than me in cod Damn .. Really wanted these Jordans but they don't have my size I want a guy to get excited when i text him  my coworker was so excited this girl texted him, and he won't even tell her he likes her. #thatawkwardmomentwhen someone is reading your tweets over your shoulder... and they read something they weren't suppose to.  #smh that's what Morgs said!  I hope she's okay
I was so mad because the day she says DONT GET SICK I get a sore throat that night lol RT  RT  MY BACK IS 'PAINING' :'( &lt; taking the piss Big brother is making me cry . Tonight, 2 choregraphy ended. Amazing Dance class ! But painful knees.. I should listen to my doctor.. my phones broke burgerr!!  come see me tomorrow xxx #ff  &  please find their bikes guys! #BecauseOfYou I never stray to far from the side walk!  pandora is letting me down right now :-( Trying get this belly ring. !  #Scared Just wanna cry at Big Brother :'( must be so hard getting letter from your family sux Poor baba lewis in the hospital having a chest x-ray and throat swab! Poor thing with a temp of 104  x RT  RT  if a man hurts you you will hurt him the best way you know how. break his bank. nothing RT  Hey gang, due 2 my medical condition, I have had 2 postpone the "Can't Cuss Comedy" show on Feb26, until further notice. sorry gang Aw this is so sad, i lvoe michael dont cry :-( I jus wish I could hold and hug my hubby  right now I wanted jay to go but I can't find him ¡Aún no me han llevado a ver "El Rey León"!  RT  Who will you take to see #BeautyandtheBeast 3D this weekend? CORY ALLAN MONTEITH WHO IS THAT GIRL ?   nooooooooooooooooooooooo Think Mon? RT   is Kate spoiled at all next week? Didn't see her name Just ate a whole thing of mint icecream . . . Stomach ache Need a full time job so bad Where has #oomf been at lately? Kind of miss him hope you're ok Might pop in over weekend if you is about. Need a good natter-feel like I haven't seen you in ages Very true  RT  As in eh..." There hasn't been ONE piece of good news in Nigeria since this 2012 started." So bored i wanna cry I wish I cld go party in BR tonight  Aww man my song over nd I don't feel like playing it again  oh well OMG on a table in my school there someone carved into it 'HARRY STYLES, Has a small cock, no actually its huge, how do u know r u gay? NC no you don't :-( Oh just did an exam on the wrong exam board, try again tomorrow  but I did get 83% woooo! Big brother is so sad I have to go to Kildare nxt wknd coz I'm a bad friend!! what're your plans? I want to go  #freaked the life of a stressball Ok - 3100: 3115, you'll be missed&lt;3 #ihatecrying n'awhlll I know  it was getting sooo exciting. RT  No plans because  is sick  #nofriendproblems RT  loool..This ---&gt; RT  If Ur Bf Calls U More Than Twice Erryday,Not That He's Caring......NOPE! NIGGA JUST DOESNT TRUST YA!! Aw my baby   xxxxx Bloody subtitles in german whilst watching Marley and Me and can't turn it off Just get me out of this nightmare I know , all the other ones I wanted were taken :/ lol! Gdgd :D yeah same here thanks. Aww glad to hear. He never came to me your the loser  and just because I'm from Wigan  wiganist just because we have pie sandwiches and not cheese ones our people are killing our people 6fat 5dmat elBlack berry Can I delete her from friends,folowers?I don't know how!And you are whit me?  &lt;3 U ! Lost 5 lbs in 3 days   #strepthroattings #liquiddiet RT  I want to live in my pyjamas and I need youFell in the snow My head hurt so freaking bad be nice! ggrrrrrr if i see him i gotta do my hair!  i don't feel like it! nah, cuz sa polnud enne kindel so i made new plans i miss my bffl   good thing she comes back today thoo &lt;3
#tacofriday possibly ? probably you don't see this post, but.. Justin you are my dream, mu smile but only dream for me  follow me ? only dream 23 Aye yo my head hurt. I mean my veins are out & my head throbbin sum decent kid. These are the times I wish you were here 2 stop the pain I don't have a pet  but I want one Really need to lmao the crazy part is its never bad downtown, always the residential areas. I can't wait to see the mess by my house Fckkk!! When in Puebla??????? Now Im living here. neeed to sit and focus have my last exam on monday I don't wanna believe it I dont even know wtf to do tomorrow I wish somebody would bring me food. I feel sick prob tonight... Not tomorrow lol #CBB emotional :-( just in a bad mood come see me when ur done, I'm sick RT  I Miss Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence RT  last day of my favorite class  #iloveart I lost my favourite lipstick  waahhh #sadtweet Lol If you smiling in your Avi I can't your tweets with sad faces "  "  serious... Definitely don't feel good. 
#sogladimwith  &lt;3 I found it but it just says "no preview"  I will try and see it tomorrow when I go on my laptop :) #BecauseOfYou moving on is hard Why am I still sick?  #notfair if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)214 Don't feel like testing this weekend. ahhh no I wanted to see you I thought my Twitter change already The letters are sad  #CBB awww you're sick? RT  feeling as sick as ever. think i'll have an early night tonight. :-( :-( RT  It's never really over  RT ZoRRo: #DeephouseFridays is almost over though.. ☹ #kirk2win felt emotional when listening to the letters I didnt get a #FF from is so cute  that letter that  wrote was so beautiful! #Kirktowin please, notice me guess it was bound 2 happen. But #TeamNaya gonna get the job done! N fact Im checkin my othr pc 2 c if it loads fastr :) no  I'm on this trip till the 3rd maybe longer. What u gonna be doin? Why do fat girls were leggings?!? What happen, GABS♥?!?! Don't feel unloved, you know I love you, and I will surely miss you if you take a twitter break It is unfair that only fans following concerts, USA. There are more world beyond your imagination. That makes me sad She spitt on me coloured??????? as in green red and yellow????? dearie me Ready for these lonely 9 hrs to be over wit already did ou get my DM? they have gone funny  xxxx feel bad about my last post  #RIPSteveJobs I'm cold. I'm super sorry to hear about Monty. Sucks when you lose a family member like that  #RIPMonty Another ZA crime story in my e-mail box. A woman driving alone at night... hijacked, raped, shot. :-( (Sad, really.) Ughhh, I hatee myy son bein sick..worst thing ever RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. wow bored  wish I went on staff night out I wish my longboard was with me my easiest class..... missing #cbb for the 3rd time this week :-( yeah, it's on too much I think my twitter broke Quero The walking dead agora Yeah I can't come out Why are my mentions not showing, i'm having to rely on my timeline so i don't seem ignorant :S The pain only occurs on the left side  and it comes and goes. I miss you soooo much! I missed my 3,000 tweet  It's very Rainey. Very cold and very windy. Yep. Winter has arrived. So has asthma and pneumonia season for my baby. RT   j'etais entrain de jouer talking to the moon au piano mais t'etais plus là I knoww.  only 11 more days!! first weekend I get ungrounded we needa #fsu Big brother :-) sending me into tears yeah kirk crying F%*K just skinned my toe off side of the bed arrrrrrrrrrrrrgh :-( Mon prenom c'est Mathias  et toi ? ( live on RT   I didn't  The plate just fell out onto my back one day  YAYYYY! Do that and I'll love you forever! OMG!! Im so freaking dizzy i think i have vertigo like my mom!! This stomach pains is not good. I actually really miss Christmas break  #timegoesbywaytoofast  anyone doing anything for da weekend i know i am NOT!!!!! I hate how  NEVER tweets me in the frist place  x Bethany's worries about monsters in her bedroom aren't going away. Becoming a big problem :-( RT    Follow Friday me Please  ; I have no one *cries* hey, vacuo Yeah prob was! It was so cruel. They just drove up, put her in the car, and drove off :-( xxx still isn't working  ( live on I know awww haha miss you too I don't want it anymore  shxt ain't the same. My ankle is swollen I'm all late lol , but okay : ( I'm greatful that I can at least buy albums, I really feel for you  but doesn't one of the HMV shops in London sell K-Pop? Here comes the snow!!!! #ugh I hate road trips in this weather ohh  &new twitter fb lol ya 3aleina seema  everyone is saying that :/ take a picture and whatsapp it ASAP please! Thank you &lt;3333 #CSINY is a re-run this week. No new episode until two weeks, today, February 3rd . if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)213crying like there's no tomorrow at big brother HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GORGEOUS  Wish I could be there tonight that's a mention with a full stop not an empty tweet you eat that dead fast lol no  xx ( live on RT  What the hell!! I had to change because my ass got wet. Now I'm wearing soccer sweats and a Tshirt.  thanks Boo, dishes. In pain now if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)221 wahhhhh I miss those daysssss ive never scored that high Awww the family letters on #CBB so emotional  ! Waiting for  to wake up and txt me haha. Got woken up too early by my phone and my sister this morning.. #cantgobacktosleep Only now i'm getting home, missed half of #cbb  Obvious who's going tonight :) love you so much I wish my net was working so i could properly be apart of craig day I suppose so, but I don't get to see INXS live! These letters are so sad oh my uncles appeal. Long story  but yeah can't I call another number for you? Too bad I gotta shut down the cleaning biz  just until I get a phone again..might be a while.. I'm really happy it's the weekend but I'm gonna be studying for exams Omg #CBB is so emotional #ThingsThatICantStand when I don't have chaptstick in the winter, so I lick my lips but that only makes things worse God be with nigeria.... Just saw that Etta James has died! :-( I like her music a lot! #RIPEttaJames I want to ask. only 4 seater car My baby is Sick My belly wont let me eat on call w the stupid flip phone tonight  #ultrasadface Waiting 2hrs+ for bags at Chicago Midway after flights canceled. News crew enjoying it; pas moi :-( My knee is mad at me though Music LEGEND Etta James has passed away....#RIPETTA. :-( i wish my iPod wasn't dead I just want this snow to wait for monday cause I dont wanna sleep at the clarion tonight I bought my BB Playbook in panama for a cost of 550$ its too expnsive! And wen I see the price the ff. week is 350$.. Grr! So are her cankles :-( RT  Granny's highwaters are outta hand b 😂😂 it's you  hopefully I'll see you more often second semester. Mwah! My stanka butt  needs to come over. I'm bored and home alone RT  I just yawned and my gum fell out my mouth RT  Does anyone know when and where I can see my booklist for CSN ? caramba nem pra me responder no chat do face hem you should be like, oh i was out the other day for my birthday.. and wtf why's he doing that? I've decided not to drink tonight... Yet there's 4 people making me... :-( Booo to them and my weakness I'm happy when Wiz RT me. Ohh wait. Its hasn't happen  last word , TGOD ! RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. from what I gather they've cancelled the direct flt for good and are routing through other carriers RT  Nuri got Suspended smhh ene's so mean to me #ThingsICantStand people who completely stop when the light turns yellow and I'm behind them smh ! Work was super dead last night  I HATE SNOW lol if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)220 Smh at the 2 trains doors almost taking my life !!! I dead serious was fighting with the doors Ajnajnavganbabahjaknjhaabgtjnavgajabghjkanbagra Sonia should never ever ever ever ever ever cry omg why is her jaw like this nooo. i need my bag. mehia me piotos  hmm maybe i need to call the BA people dunno.. Fucking kills RT   y evils?" #gbam " Wake up bro! Ur sleep-tweeting " I just want the baddest bitch in the world r YALLAA!!!  hurry ub woman! We needz to tan! Lmao today was too funny for your last day :'(   :) ok ;) Somebody watch this movie w/ne , i'm scared -.- kyle go awaaay very true, ill see you at a concert or party but still So tired   What is wrong with me... It's almost like i've been running around after 28 kids all day... Oh wait, I have :s Just watched Safari Vet School , the tears are now streaming - Horrors of Rhino poaching My back hurts so bad :-( :-( is it over? Ay sormaaa :) Midpoint.... how did u do on the A.P bio test? I did so bad worst I've ever done haha I know!  np :) tank on full, doe to blow, yet I have nowhere to go   uuugggghhhhh... #icant deal I love when  reply me, is fantastic♥.-Oh..one moment, he don't reply me I know, she was like whatever looks fine and I was just like grr my 18th bday is coming up & all Ive been tweeting bout is how I want  to tweet me  maybe youll be nicer and tweet me RT  Not Fair @ all..  RT  In kano na, he was taking pics and boko haram just shot him RT  ... What happened to Stella on sky1???
Screen went black then the Simpsons started RT  WTF!! The chick asked what Niall's name was? I don't think she was joking either One Direction have given me an infection & I can only cure if I go to their concert  #1dspin1038 2 Uh ohhh.... Mask doesn't go with my dress! #drama He gotta chill RT   but why Chris wouldn't give me a hug tho...talkin bout "no pda" :-( I don't know what to cook for breakfast. Yes I am I hit a kid in the face with my book. That'll teach that fucker not to put corn juice down my tits!!!!  I got detention again *PRAISE GOD*RT  I'm here now what u want.. RT  Omgeeeee my stomach is talking to meeeee...I must get to Outback ASAP :-( Dam it's raining : ( I wish I was laying down and falling asleep oh haaa! Yeah were missing 5 actually  xx Well, her face expression after RHI/SLY and before Perfect was so angry, though. But general audiences wouldn't notice. I'm missing her beautiful face Please get better soon!  I hate that you're sick and stuck at home  #notfun FOLLOW ME PLEASE, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE  FOLLOW ME PLEASE RT  i walked in and i was like no  wheres ijha , i wanted to like cry. lmaaoo. mrs. blair was like "christina come here " I hate being grounded because it gives me wayy to much time to think about everything.  #SoAlone i saw them at ap tour and well missed then at warped  i have videos :p kegals are my only source of vaginal action these days Awww big brothers making me cry  how emotional i accidentally bought a watch with a reptile leather strap, didn't know it was real til I got home & read the inside strap I didn't get any shoes for my birthday either what's he done?! And couse.i don't mind.. I'm always here for you:) RT   por lo de SOPA  aaw&lt;3Ouuu, I'm on a long ass bus ride.. And of course I forget my ipod at home  just drove by your old place im.staying home :-( tons of work to do. i dunno LOLOLOL im new to it nope  OI  we need these tour dates! Xxxx we will find a wayy, i'm not having this im so tired and my head hurt i cnt cry no more ima really have a headache :-( I would but my moma not home Agry shoia b3d el dars 34an el gao bard........a23 3la rgly w el bantalon yt2t3 lmao i got ran over too , i thought i died blahhh!  never buying it again! Lol jk same again next week? ;) xxxxxxxxx I would tmrw if I could Ah crud this shit is emotional  god dammit! Even Michael cried! #CBB Appearently its the european version of sopa/pipa but worse? And countries are hopping on board with it Well that sucks.  Good luck with getting it repaired! :) AGAIN!   ;( all i need for editing is there. all my clips, pics, textures, sparkles & just everything. This is the  link but the back is my favorite part& this photo doesn't show that Hello edona :),follow back RT"   hey moyo" I'm just gonna sit in the parking lot. I refuse to drive in these conditions. daddy come save me  I started my twitter account because I love photography but my followers read more about Negative Nigeria. Wish this changes soon Humor: Triste hahahaha, awe did he not like your gift “ I could possibly pass out from this pain right now.” what happened??? the fact that my mum refuses to pay £60 for another one kills me inside :-( Idk what your talkin about..dnt nobdy fuck wit me gTalk needs red "are you sure you spelled that right?" squiggly lines bc sometimes i'm not sure! gian im really scared... how can he think that !!! omggg remember sir limpalot?!??? Or is that who you're on about? Why do we attract the crets of society!! It's hard man Why am I not dating Justin Bieber? :-( RT  My hair used to be so red RT  Too Bad I Cant See Him This Weekend : ( I guess you dont get my texts? Noo Good riddance SOPA. Still no more mega uploads though. Mmmm It will mean the world to me if I got to see my dog Man, bet that costs a bomb. My check ups are like £30, damn private dentists yo tmb ....  :| IKR  RT  Rip to those died in the kano bomb blast.so sad Heartbroken & Lonely  &lt;/3 RT  RT  RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( oh my days you go to the most amazing places Boooorrrreeeedddd at work. Want to go out and party I'm hungry!!! and I'm too lazy to cook  sucks real bad! good, am ill. I've got a really bad headache : ( and it keeps coming back and won't go away xxxxx Haven't Seen Jory all Day ! wow I didnt cry while watching it ! : ( Nope  i saw it on my timeline i was like Ooooops.. :L xx yea boo boo AHHH Internet is lagging !! My Skype messages can't reach you ! Sweating thru 3 sets of clothes in your sleep is no good... #fever but then there'd be no Aimee Evans and that would suck What's up? Awwwwwwhhh Thats NOT His Child  SMH lool pat butcher is sexy ;) those earrings uftt ha! its ok for u ders bre girls in der,only bald mans in estendrs 4 me ha I don't want you to go to Tennessee!!! This weekend!!!! i love you ass I'm sick. :-( it's not cute. i know that there is no democracy in Israel ...but it's a dream for me to meet you 
any way I'm so happy to talk to you jus got dun shoveling the snow and now i colddd and i thnk i got frost bite on my finger PAHAHAHA .. sad but true unfortunately! It upsets me that my friends dont understand my priorities  School, waterpolo, THEN fun. Those two will always come first. please change your venue for the Saskatoon show ! Why are the fine guys gay? so tired I Wrote you 800 times and you never Follow/reply me  I Love You So Much Hun..I Really Do, I'll Always Support you♥ ALWAYS 13 oh dear  xxx u never dm'd me back Since I ran I'll reward myself with a raspa! :) after I wash my car It's difficult to get in it even for a lot of us. I've applied 5 times, and still not managed it :-( Looks like another boring weekend all by myself it's been a while the storylines in #eastenders atm are really annoying me I feel sorry for you, truly do :-( No one commented on my haircut today. Just did a very selfish thing... I'm probably never ganna see her again let's go together!!! Hahaha, no seriously, I really really want to go!!!!! So sad to hear that Etta James passed away.  #RestinPeace to a beautiful and soulful woman with a wonderful voice. If only you had DP or cal tor near in Fairfax  #winterbreakprobz hahah it's nothing like the real hustle though, i don't understand it :-( Funny thing is, I feel like sing at the top of my lungs!!!!But I can't. :-( It appears Swe Bar has been hit the most by the #FuelSubsidyRemoval :-( I missed my bestfriend today : ( I'm not dressed or haven't packed for tomorrow  Just feeling sad and want to see yooou x RT  When is he gonna text me that must suck man Feel like crap physically and mentally ugh don't want to work right now MY THROAT BURNSSSS Jonny May is soooo good. :-( y aint i n that pic Don't want anything. I've been pretty much supporting myself since may to the point tht ive ran out of money, so shove it. I'm sad so glad the physics exam is over....... yey time to start maths revision I wish I was with you guys  the most memorable evenings. Love you both RT Someone at Sky had BETTER lose their job tonight. Just as we got to the bit with the lovely  too :-( #stella Guess me and  won't be watching #stella when he gets home then :-( &lt;3 RT  Sharing is caring 😊 lol RT  I got half a starburst RT  So hungry  anyone wanna bring me some food ? Lol I want some food but not mcdonalds so wat idk whats wrong with my phone but yea girl i wont be there she was at the store when i talked to her but never texted back when i asked what she was doin today  buuuut juss call me. you alright dicka? Bloody flue and sore throat! Now I can't sleep watching this program about a family that went missing .. lol I'm scared headache  this whole clonions thing sucks! :/ Why didn't u tell MW u loved me before? ..  AWWWW now I
Missed out on the best person!!! o wow! So sorry to hear that!  what happened? my sister is on it and my mum forgot her charger  ill be straight on it when my sisters off though! RT  If I was a BASKETBALL PLAYER, I'd never wear Kobe Bryant shoes during a game or practice cuz you'll "LOSE EVERYTHING" #Lakers just remembered GAIS will b in Portugal for training tour then  sorry abt that but can u get me da DVD for me to watch :) it makes me feel like they all forgot me. I don't know what to do if you can't come i probs won't go, i am feeling do depressed and crying  xx Here is Henry who sadly passed away today Yessss  That stupid fucking virus. &gt;.&gt; RT  Echt jammer dat vinny uit jersey shore is Aww feel sorry for the ones who've got kids feeel so chunky. waaah.  i like food too much to diet I have a super bad tummy ache RT  my socks are wet Same here yeah dnt tell you found it Forever jealous of  getting a vid message of  and  getting to hear Legend. No it's not Crying at #cbb if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)230 I'm sitting crying now aws crap!! this old computerscreens ruines my background!! it's to small to see the whole pic!! so I don't see the Jared part of it When #CBB is on I feel left out on Twitter There are so many people I follow back and u guys never say hi Wanna give the other housemates a hug! Especially Denise!  #cbb awh  you'll get more some day ;) x why? Just wanna give  a big fat hug  aw babyyyyyyyyy #cringe Feels like I've fucked up a relationship with a close friend, and it fucking sucks bless u weren't to far wrong mate, crusaders drew 2 all the #shitbags howw?  I hope they get better iA Eh-not really seeing anything WOW in Dior's 2012 Pre Fall designs. My plan didn't work  i didn't know your last name don't judge me  it was crackin doe! I'm seriously struggling! I miss it so much  I hope the woman with the fro won!! has a game tonight. I'm here for you girlie &lt;3 whats wrong with meeeee another good person taken from the world  if there is a god he's a total fucking prick. I get the same thing with my daughter. :-( you forgot about me RT  I hate riden tha bus ugh  Oh my dick, rip midnight alters  sadness prevails... It's finally the weekend. But I still have a lot of homework I told u it was & yeah i know it was but that jaw smash was amazing, lol RT   What a sick movie, the endin was so sad Eh-not really seeing anything WOW in Dior's 2012 Pre Fall designs. When I Laugh I Can Feel My Abs lmao i know   i wish we would have had lunch today.. it woulda been hella better! My phone gone be dead everyone is rippin the piss cos im small!  #imtallreally #Ouch I Jus Hit My Knee....Supa Hard I'd really like some new glasses, though #MrCelebUK     CAUSE IM DYING JUST TO MAKE YOU SEE!! That i need that call!!!  xox #cbb has made me cry.  awww they're all so cute I wish today was PayDay, Getting emosh at #CBB I wish I could go to Warped Tour. Apple, why you so blue.  #💙 RT  My loyal fans? Where you guys at  I'm going to follow the recent followers of  R-T if u followed! :)x its not funny my head god such a lazy ass hahah. I had to get outta bed at 2 cause of work  life sucks haha Why don't people post more boobs on Tumblr? One Direction have given me an infection & I can only cure if I go to their concert  #1dspin1038 7 Why are people afraid to talk to me? I'm not mean RT  #CBB Making me cry I KNOW  Awww Dree u guys live tooo damn far!!!  jus wanted ... Lmaooo bitch RT  Good..RT _FuckHerTweetMe: My phone gon be dead before I get off #np it will rain  #emo How do you keep your boyfriend without losing your bestfriend, and keep your bestfriend without losing your boyfriend? &lt;/3 this is hard. u should have RT  Hey #Chicago, we told you the PM rush would be a mess. Why didn't you listen?  :-( Wish I was at that party instead of moping around in bed watching the inbetweeners that is failing to cheer me up. Ayam serz joor RT  dis I cant blive RT  I wnt Insult again! It took me 2mins to dish my food, 30secs to spill it and 20mins to clean d mess, aw long will it take me to eat dinner Missed out on the  sale.  : ( Aw, now I feel sorry for the other team. :-( #cbb RT" 62% of women who are raped are too scared or ashamed to report it."  Imagine what its like if your a man or a child I don't recall myself ever crying at BB before My dog is sucha wuss. How is she suppose to protect me from bad guys when she's scared of the vacuum?! because I LOVE your hair , don't cut It please Wah mi ago do without chav on bbm omg i actually feel sooo bad for denise!! Started crying at #cbb because kirk did if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)229 RT  If this 18-month-old girl picture gets 10000 #ReTweet her heart transplant Is free....please share & #ReTweet! RT  That guy who sent Chris this mean tweet, well this is actually how many people here think about glee oh shutup! She's ugly n people keep sayin I look like her! :-(I need sumone to make me laugh right about now It was like that here, too. It was 60 degrees today. i think im going to die because its 430 and my last crew is almost over an hour away from me The bus is so slow!!! I cant follow anymore #TeamMinaj until i gain more followers idk why your name didn't come up in my followers  but everyone #FF  ♡ ♡ ♡ Miss my boyfriend This is now the third day without a QUALITY gym sesh  #sadpanda #hopezbacktomorrow My diet for the next few weeks will consist of fruits, vegetables, water, tea, and coffee. No golds+junk food= #feelinshitty In detention ...  thank god for cellphones! Missing a certain someone Miss you too :-( Things are good here, are they with you? Still planning a summer trip... noooo my first case of cherry coke is done  1 more to savour I know!!  she decided to tell me about this night earlier today! Sad I can't be there :-( xxxx unfair! I'm missing it because my sister is watching BB!! RT  Wish we had a Canes in Maysville This has honestly been the slowest three hours of my life RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( the way is need an iphone is a joketing my mum has a 4s a 4 nd a 3gs infront of me and she refuses to give me at least 1 shes not kind Day ruined.. Super worried. Feeling so sick.. I really really want to cut my hair. I miss Summer  #comebacksoon when u coming to Baltimore?  U ain't even tell me So ready to go home already!  I'm tired Some fanning tinsRT  Eya swithart cm mk I fan u RT  Nw dat i wanna sleep...dis heat iz jst spoilin tinz :-( OMG !! NOOOO  this is soo sad just to get the perfect smile this is going to hurt so much #pain too expensive  its way out of our budget unforunatly I'm so upset you never got your undercut :-( RT  Aww, I miss you too!  RT  I'm missing my girl Hmm i think the twins or nicola will go  #CBB I cannot believe what I just read. WOOOW! This is definately the worst day ever :-( no lie-ins this weekend  whats the point in being un-employed if you don't get a good long sleep?! WHAAAT?? Alone .. With nobody .. Freakin sad .. Naao voou pro role     evitar decepcoes çç so sad watching  cry  #Kirk2win X x ahhhh well Westlife are my one true boyband love! 4 times ill have seen them in may! Tho sadly this will be the last  x Wished  followed me..  #NSN Can I Get a #FF  no one loves goya no more #MentionMe I'm boreddd. " Fuckin ntwork"|  dnt get ha preggo... :| Yeah  Repeat is on Sunday Sky 2 9pm!:3 RT    TE ODIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO All I want to do is sleep Someone's not very happy I'm going back to school    oooh! & eso donde esta? :S This snow is ridiculous, I wish I was in L.A What about me? RT  feel so bad for the people who didn't get their letters aw poor sean have fun! I was suppose to go :-( it sucks I can't. Let me know how it is! That's unfair! I can't do them on my phone oh?  come out becky.. assassassasssss now becky hungry I know I'm late... Srry!! Went ham on oomf last night tho...but i called and apologized and admitt i was wrong...sorry again bae  call me when u gt off :) RT  I wanted to see scotty mccreery tonight #wahhhh chill homie! : ( Anyway the wind blows... You will NEVER follow me!  please follow me i`ll be so happy!! and NEVER SAY NEVER right! :) #followmejaden! Love you!&lt;3 I didn't get to see you! so shocked and sad  praying for that family Would love a cuddle!!! I won't get to see my guy until Sunday Letters from home...get me every year  #CBB pooo  I wish I did now. I will remember for next time. I'm actually jealous of you right now. Think of me...all alone. #loner Going 4 slepp now. Sunday 2morrow and i HAVE to study! Two tests on monday. And Spanish test on Friday. And i have other homeworks 2 do #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Just cried at #cbb Building mang't claims heater is not working properly- no shit!! Sent employees home at noon #tocoldtowork of course I'm still working :-( thank you lovey! I miss it too  sooo many memories. I miss you. I need to see you,  &  soon Think Im Getting A Cold tooo emotional I need to go back to the second grade :/ smh. wait, I wasnt invited to a bar.  lol Thought I got over him . But I didnt i lost my phone! I really don't fit in my family, sometimes I feel like they're always against me :-( wondered why i was suddenly watching the simpsons Who fuckin wit me doe...I ain't tryna be lonely Just took daisy to the vet, poor pups thought i was gonna be able to talk to u n u see Khalil be4 ya left - oh well :-( it (cont) I hate doing things i know i should not. Ray called me "fat ass" I'm not a fat ass :-( ok well just a little bit. Lol Mhm, he's in Montgomery with the orchestra BECCA! No! RT  I hate when I call somebody for something important they dnt answer I'm not being ignorant I just have no texts I hate you!!!! You ruined our lives! Don't you have a heart?!  I JUST HOPE YOU BURN IN HELL! One Direction have given me an infection & I can only cure if I go to their concert  #1dspin1038 10 ahh now I want to go get some I can't find Tiff : ( fml Awwww...I think bout u tho:)RT  it sucks ass when i miss sum1 so much n they barely even think bout me :-( Im close to tears what is wrong with me u said #DREAMS cum true and i believe u but theres 1 that just cant be possible and its for eu to notice meI nearlly fell several times  Really? This will be a memory never to forget then! Yeah, you should be fine :') yea thats exactly how i feel  xxxx left a note for my but she didn't take notice, she made me tagliatelli  I feel like I've cheated :/ I know right?! I want to go to one of those fist pumping music parties  Parties i go to is head bangin, dread throwin music parties -_____- Banging headache Mike has the best cat yo I want a cat  dogs are too nasty and shit. im so jealous! I was 7 minutes too late to start watching it so i have to wait ages to watch it! Gutted its the last series You mean the world to me  Ya Rab ♥ Leave it me to forget about my quesadilla and burn it no  I don't see them all that much, but!!! you'll be pleased to know i've got my own office, proud?! sad hey...its cold nd imagine got no1 2 hold me thru da nyt haha wow...downside is, he's an ex mackem! I wish I could afford Pato I'm sorry Higoe  I couldn't resist... sorry I didnt come on alot today I was busy and trying to get a follow from Jaden Goodbye #Etta  your music will live forever. Just Got Off The Phone Wit Travis.....I Cnt Believe His Daughter Died Man :-( RT Someone at Sky had BETTER lose their job tonight. Just as we got to the bit with the lovely  too :-( #stella Wheres the trust.. Damn RT  N need of someone to cut this hair out if I let my boo do it I know I will have patches :-( Ahhh -15 is way better than it has been all week,still blizzard wx warnings hey les falta chapu I like my family, I love my family!! I just feel alone :-( Getting an early night, work tomorrow RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you RT   #na wash :p RT  The way GEJ dey ping me sef!! I don tire Where the heck is my baby?! Pfffft Drained be nice grace. Dads stuck in traffic... my KFC is gonna be cold I've been good yeah! mostly been doing work  wbu?? xxx i dont have no phone anymore I hate when I finally get all cozy and warm and then realize I have to pee  #firstworldproblems bed bugs have moved to village too  #FML #crying #dying #ew I Keep On Hearing The scissors Running Through My Hair : ( She Kinda Not The Girl I Feel In Love With A Month Ago. :-(  How You Not Gone Let Me See Your Phone But I'll Give You Mine. Smh if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)234 I don't have a ride so I might have to walk mhmmm. I thought we woulda done good to. But meshays out too? omgosh!!!! Hahahha what a fucking BABE. Dem tittays must be all shrivelled now she dyed  and stuff  boohoo crys One word... "PUUUUUUSHHH!!!!!" Haha miss you Only  would drag me outof my house looking like this :-( okay «  I went to go see did they have that dress they only had a large» RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you i hope im not broke for the weekend I keep on hearing noises and it scaring me or else? Aww man sounds horrible! Haha I'm too old for partying n that these days! Can't handle it  &lt;3 Kobe kobe. Its probably why LA lost last night. He couldn't focus  Don't have  in our football team tomorrow  He's our Song!  Kirk please don't go :-( I miss my baby girl oh yes :P I got to go I'm at target and my phone is going to die  ttyl&lt;3333 RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Bay leaving for Miami at 6 RT  RT  I Wanna Tattoo : ( Chipotle!!! Too bad  isn't here to join I have no followers, I am pitiful. Please #ff me  #cheerupasadlady netball match without you tomorrow  &lt;3 Don't think ill ever get over #CBB, 'this is brian!' Its davina RT  Hello edona :),follow back RT"   hey moyo" RT  Tumblr's boring tonight oww  Old situations get me re-pissed  Esp when I think abt it ( Unfortunately, as much as I'd love to, no yep the old ones are waaay better  and theyre also more expensiveXD tsssss - so i think ill go for the 100eur in-ears RT  I hate it when actors rehearse scenes next to me in coffee shops. I can never trust that what I'm eavesdropping is real or not Humph; I'm being good and taking some dinner from a syringe but I'm not eating nearly enough and I'm very lethargic  I texted u... And got no response Deeds does the same thing. So sad.  I don't like getting shots either! #waaahh I miss you too. Ok! I have to wait til my baby gets better  RT   Ikr, callin it Sparkle! He's a mess but we should plan a night! RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you RT  “ “ sorry girls  mollie I told you we were at brown fence why didn't you come and beck not my fault RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Big brother just made me cry  nicola you selfish cow!! please not Frankie. *walks away* I want new twitter  mines old and sucky get back to my lifee Mum wont give me the chocolate Why oh why oh why O hey I saw Maddie today 
( : ( : ( : I really dnt wanna move out of Vallejo  if i were to move my life would KILL D: I forgot I can't retweet yu anymore Everyone stopped texting me.  #Scrubs .. Me too ! Can't Wait for the RE6 ! it will be available until 20/11/2012 That's why I need him!!  or atleast a man like him...fuckin'ell Romeo's my first love!! :D I missed you in health today!  where were you?! I missed New Girl  I love Zooey Deschanel &lt;3 my phone wont let me set up twitter sms  so i never get to see when your tweeting cuz im always offline when your online I get really jealous when a girl, call her boy . Idk why . I want that tooo  untunglaaaah ..... all men shows #haha gimme some one tree hill THIS  “ Former Fantasyland Skyway Station demolition underway! RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Tonight was awful, need cheering up conditions of sales- as in price... You know English ain't my mother tongue :-( do you know whats going on with #Stella ? i like the simpsons,but its a new episode! if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)233I nearlly fell several times  Really? This will be a memory never to forget then! Yeah, you should be fine :') yea thats exactly how i feel  xxxx left a note for my but she didn't take notice, she made me tagliatelli  I feel like I've cheated :/ I know right?! I want to go to one of those fist pumping music parties  Parties i go to is head bangin, dread throwin music parties -_____- Banging headache Mike has the best cat yo I want a cat  dogs are too nasty and shit. im so jealous! I was 7 minutes too late to start watching it so i have to wait ages to watch it! Gutted its the last series You mean the world to me  Ya Rab ♥ Leave it me to forget about my quesadilla and burn it no  I don't see them all that much, but!!! you'll be pleased to know i've got my own office, proud?! sad hey...its cold nd imagine got no1 2 hold me thru da nyt haha wow...downside is, he's an ex mackem! I wish I could afford Pato I'm sorry Higoe  I couldn't resist... sorry I didnt come on alot today I was busy and trying to get a follow from Jaden Goodbye #Etta  your music will live forever. Just Got Off The Phone Wit Travis.....I Cnt Believe His Daughter Died Man :-( RT Someone at Sky had BETTER lose their job tonight. Just as we got to the bit with the lovely  too :-( #stella Wheres the trust.. Damn RT  N need of someone to cut this hair out if I let my boo do it I know I will have patches :-( Ahhh -15 is way better than it has been all week,still blizzard wx warnings hey les falta chapu I like my family, I love my family!! I just feel alone :-( Getting an early night, work tomorrow RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you RT   #na wash :p RT  The way GEJ dey ping me sef!! I don tire Where the heck is my baby?! Pfffft Drained be nice grace. Dads stuck in traffic... my KFC is gonna be cold I've been good yeah! mostly been doing work  wbu?? xxx i dont have no phone anymore I hate when I finally get all cozy and warm and then realize I have to pee  #firstworldproblems bed bugs have moved to village too  #FML #crying #dying #ew I Keep On Hearing The scissors Running Through My Hair : ( She Kinda Not The Girl I Feel In Love With A Month Ago. :-(  How You Not Gone Let Me See Your Phone But I'll Give You Mine. Smh if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)234 I don't have a ride so I might have to walk mhmmm. I thought we woulda done good to. But meshays out too? omgosh!!!! Hahahha what a fucking BABE. Dem tittays must be all shrivelled now she dyed  and stuff  boohoo crys One word... "PUUUUUUSHHH!!!!!" Haha miss you Only  would drag me outof my house looking like this :-( okay «  I went to go see did they have that dress they only had a large» RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you i hope im not broke for the weekend I keep on hearing noises and it scaring me or else? Aww man sounds horrible! Haha I'm too old for partying n that these days! Can't handle it  &lt;3 Kobe kobe. Its probably why LA lost last night. He couldn't focus  Don't have  in our football team tomorrow  He's our Song!  Kirk please don't go :-( I miss my baby girl oh yes :P I got to go I'm at target and my phone is going to die  ttyl&lt;3333 RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Bay leaving for Miami at 6 RT  RT  I Wanna Tattoo : ( Chipotle!!! Too bad  isn't here to join I have no followers, I am pitiful. Please #ff me  #cheerupasadlady netball match without you tomorrow  &lt;3 Don't think ill ever get over #CBB, 'this is brian!' Its davina RT  Hello edona :),follow back RT"   hey moyo" RT  Tumblr's boring tonight oww  Old situations get me re-pissed  Esp when I think abt it ( Unfortunately, as much as I'd love to, no yep the old ones are waaay better  and theyre also more expensiveXD tsssss - so i think ill go for the 100eur in-ears RT  I hate it when actors rehearse scenes next to me in coffee shops. I can never trust that what I'm eavesdropping is real or not Humph; I'm being good and taking some dinner from a syringe but I'm not eating nearly enough and I'm very lethargic  I texted u... And got no response Deeds does the same thing. So sad.  I don't like getting shots either! #waaahh I miss you too. Ok! I have to wait til my baby gets better  RT   Ikr, callin it Sparkle! He's a mess but we should plan a night! RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you RT  “ “ sorry girls  mollie I told you we were at brown fence why didn't you come and beck not my fault RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Big brother just made me cry  nicola you selfish cow!! please not Frankie. *walks away* I want new twitter  mines old and sucky get back to my lifee Mum wont give me the chocolate Why oh why oh why O hey I saw Maddie today 
( : ( : ( : I really dnt wanna move out of Vallejo  if i were to move my life would KILL D: I forgot I can't retweet yu anymore Everyone stopped texting me.  #Scrubs .. Me too ! Can't Wait for the RE6 ! it will be available until 20/11/2012 That's why I need him!!  or atleast a man like him...fuckin'ell Romeo's my first love!! :D I missed you in health today!  where were you?! I missed New Girl  I love Zooey Deschanel &lt;3 my phone wont let me set up twitter sms  so i never get to see when your tweeting cuz im always offline when your online I get really jealous when a girl, call her boy . Idk why . I want that tooo  untunglaaaah ..... all men shows #haha gimme some one tree hill THIS  “ Former Fantasyland Skyway Station demolition underway! RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Tonight was awful, need cheering up conditions of sales- as in price... You know English ain't my mother tongue :-( do you know whats going on with #Stella ? i like the simpsons,but its a new episode! if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)233Kirkyyyyyyy  miss you already! #CBB THERE IS NO MORE BROMANCE WHAT NO? I been really missing Marra.... Bad! :-( :-( :-( :-( omfg NOOOOO :-( :-( :-(  I love you so much omg   noooo ((( Don't think  deserved to go :-( As if kirk has been voted out  x Hate seeing people cry #CBB the bromance is breaking up  ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh &lt;3 Kirk! RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you sooooioo shouldn't have gone tonight!! Whaaaaat! How the hell is  out?  Sorry page cannot be found NOOOO! I'm so sad I couldn't redraw Yui's leg though If only I was in Philly mine isn't  shit kicked out of nowhere. I don't feel good wats so ever : ( actually so so sad kirk's gone you left the big brother house Can it be in ten? and no, sadly, I don't Awwww heather trott dies... RT  Atlst I'm not 1 man RT" don't be ashamed, I'm xhosa and I can't speak zulu RT  My zulu is horrible ey RT    Follow Friday me Please  ; I have no one *cries* Jeremy lied to me  Fuck. now I have to find a job like everyone else. FUCK. RT  Found the courage to talk to a cute girl but then a sparrow flew out of my coat Noooooo, why is Kirk out?  #CBB What the hell, thats not right.. Kirk does not deserve to be Evicted  !! #CBB Can't believe kirk is out Miss you  When are you next home?? SERIOUSLY WTF? THE EYE CANDYS GONE Noooooooooo   &lt;/3 I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 62 RT  I seriously have not been acting like myself these past few weeks , i had an awesome day today , but i just received some terrible news !!!!!!! gutted uv bn voted off  xx NOOOOOOOOO WHY KIRK?  #CBB why wont yooooooooooooooooooooooooou follow  thought you were a G?! alone on Friday night. is it good?  Me: NO. nope. noooo. I haven't seen one with ingredients I really like so I haven't blow dried since I BC Great movie, gonna go buy it today on DVD. Want Ten Inch Hero but not available in New Zealand :-( Noooooooooooooooo  why's kirk leaving  noooooo Kirk? That's such a shock Michael needs to go! Cant believe kirks gone THAT WAS SO UNEXPECTED :O:O:O:O:O KIRKKKK Thats a good lineup. Sad when KU-UT no longer a must see game Wtf!!! Kirk is evicted  #sadtimes is that a joke? kirk should have won cant believe he's been evicted  #cbb I miss you. The old you. Not this stupid show you put on for everyone, every single day. What happened?!  &lt;\3 No way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not kirk!!!!!!!!!!! :O  #cbb RT  In zoology learning about #PMAT   . I miss you guys better have a good reason for not replying to my txt... :-( KIRK?! What the actual fuck?! Etta James   her voice lives on forever timeless melodies Nooo  will miss Ffs Mark!!!  at least you won't get knocked out of the 1st round of the World Championships by winning the masters!!! RT  RT  I wish the vacation would never end Nooooo fucking way, how the fuck can he go man! Thats bloody crazyyy  #cbn RT   hey bryce! Can I get a retweet and a followback? Barely any followers I love Frankie Cocozza so much Noooooooooooooo it out  plz plz come bak I jux woke up lol had to gt a power nap in Dear Anderson Cooper, 
why on earth are you having your show feature a ladie that is encouraging young women not to practice abstinance?! Boy. You stopped texting me RT  Banter with Frankie and Kirk will be gone :-( yeah so dont delete it cus u might regret it!!  xxxxx Not happy  has been evicted  #cbb I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!! :O Wheres  Missing him  I need cheering up!!! xxx Is it not ? :O  Oh well :P It was still Uhmazing!! Did you see the girl that had Ed Sheeran written on her hand? ;) xx  lmao Im listening to that right now ! & I was just about to tweet about yall Noooooo why kirk Wounded that  is out  #shocked HEY. I don't have a phone anymore  
#sniff sniff WHAT?!!!  was meant to win  #cbb *Aww, Frankie's reactionn and it happens with cancer or HIV too.They know a man won't last for long,so he's useless and unnecessary.it's such a crap I'm still in school  its friday and im still in school :'( i am sooo hungry but idunno where to go out and eat since i gave up fast food! I wish my stepdad woulda went and got Jordan  .. I don't like his life being in other peoples hands RT  I'm mad rite now, don't nobody fucking txt me RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you #wtf not happy why has  gone #gutted Please follow me I hurt my fucking thumb playing backetball I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 61 Wow. I wasn't expecting Kirk to leave! I wanted him to stay.  #CBB No way has kirk gone!! Omg i still love you even thought u dont feel the same  ill always love you Want to go to BCL and Ambers play  #thissucks #ShatAp!I wanted  to winnn!!  Didn't expect  to be leaving! I love him so much, honestly though he'd win Why  RT  now you're just somebody that i used to know.. RT  I hate it when actors rehearse scenes next to me in coffee shops. I can never trust that what I'm eavesdropping is real or not "  yeah I am..."Without tellin me what is this fuckery omg kirk :-( chin fatWtf why has kirk gone out of big brother nothing been off work all week on holiday
 goin back monday Well done Kirk!  Didn't want you to go though I'm babysitting whilst the rest of the family are out!  #funfun Does anyone wanna talk I'm bored and sick not as sad as me :-( So tired  
Nightyy all ;* yeah sorry our baby hurt his lil aw  he wont stop cryin Gutted  is out #CBB love u too baby! Mr and Alice had drinks the other week but no Mika  next week let's do it girl &lt;3 Gutted! RT  Kirk  no way I'm sorryyy...!!  I'm just lying down, staring blankly at da TV....what are you doing?? :) When you lose a argument &lt;&lt; 
Hahaha omg really kirks gone! nowaaaaayy I need a back massage. My muscles are so tense RT  I texted my bestfriend Keyanna, she didn't answer  its January 20th 2012! lol ayyee hell yeah me too..... my lil sis got some gauges.. im just jealous Glad i dont have to go to work in this snow... Did wanna see my ivory  tho :-( RT  NO KIRK! WHAT THE HELL   #CBB My nail just broke :-( 3 prelims to go  but on the bright side its my birthday in 11 days! RT   Frankies gonna be gutted .. What the fuck :| how can kirk leave, im actually upset   #cbb Aww bless  No one voted for him though As if  went!! RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you can't believe your out  unlucky mate x WTF!!!!  has been voted out  this is bullshit Thanks for all your tips on how to stop stressing, think i need to shut up more from my response on the unfollowing saga! :-( nope  hahaha but next time i will No my life is now ruined I want to speak to my boyfriend cause of my mom Omg how did  get put out #wellafix Big brother is going to be shit without Kirk :-( Sooo gutted  has gone from #CBB  loved him! #TeamNoLife tonight wish that nap coulda lasted longer  time to babysit the rugrats LOOOL true, and the flab sticking out Chill.. I wish i was taller RT  I'm tall, #neverwinning Gutted  is out!!!  xxxxxxx So do I Well CBB isn't worth watching anymore aw  KICK EM IN THE KNEE! no  I have nothing to do so I'm watching the raw lol Aw why did kirk have to go for ♥ "  hmmmm still waiting for you to acknowledge i exsit! #whatareYOUsaying!?" Me Tooo Shannon  Tite! RT  Can't believe  hasn't commented on my new pic yet ah, would help if I could, alas I don't know what they are like or how to put together :-( I cant believe it I have my laptop but my webcams at my mums :-( Noooo I wanted Kirk 2 Win  x I'm so upset the computers at my job wont let me access your website  #sucks Noooo why is  out What?!!!!!  evicted?... Oh Mii god  that's it, no point watching it now #sadtimes #shocked!!!! Now you see how i feel RT  Ugh! I miss my boyfriend I have to say bye!  Goodbye everyone and I love all the #Lermanics ♥ Kmt why did kirk leavee ?! #cbb aww i was enjoying watching   everyday  stupid twins better go next #cbb week after you OMG not expecting Kirk wtf #Cbb sorry babe i had detention today i just got home :-( " Wow that is a shocker  believe it Did not expect that Eviction at all! :O  :'( #CBB Gutted! ion know what im gon do As if  is out :-( :-( please tell me this is a joke What the actual fuck? Kirk is gone  #cbb what happened to Stella??? Turned in to the Simpsons Yeah but I think a lot of people misunderstood what he said but he's still very dumb. PKA used to be good Hate working Friday evenings, lame 25 min walk home from the bus  #firstworldpains nooooo  i love you! Can't belive he's gone!!!!!! Gutted!!!  who's going to be my eye candy now!!!! I feel lied to and heart broken. 50% Chance Romeo Could Get Evicted Now. How Can Kirk Go I've been banned from playing #3man :-( really do not wanna go to this hockey weekend but no where else for me to go  waaaaaah!:'( somebody should really come give me a massage rite now  .. when is it repeated Still so pissed off RT  The guy covered in blood and carrying around a sickle has a really sexy voice. Can't see his face bc of bandana  #oo #occupysf #j20 Was not expecting thaaaaat! What thaa foooook?! Gunna miss kirky boy #thatsadmoment when you're supposed to hangout w someone and they ignore you 'Girl I see it in ur eyes that ur dissipointed' yh I am cuz 1D won't follow me  xxxxxxxx oh ok....lmao and I'm not a nasty freak sir :-( it keeps disconnecting from the internet like it was lastnight!! And being shit  and yeah same here!!! God sake RT   aww imy2 I Thought  Would Win you are my shining star. I wish you can be here with me, but heaven's just too far away  &lt;3 Oh  wasn't expecting that #CBB What the fuuuck My back is itching.. I am so screwed for my exams!! Oh no!!! Kirk got evicted  never watching this how again ... Can't believe  has been voted out :-( NOOOOOOOOOO!!!  I loveout???! No way Huh?? Idk why has he gone  I liked kirk can't believe  has left the house  #outrage #stella I wait a whole week to watch #stella and I discover it's silent movie time Laptopless, I'm forced to leave  tweaking to  and go to alamw12 parties. :-( hey Ronan what's up? Didn't do very well on my science test  but a tweet from u would be lovely for support x I'm going to miss my boyfriend this weekend RT    omg no i'm like so confused ahah I was jus pretending to know what u were talking about ^_^ Feel so depressed!! Arghhh Worst headache omg ours are next week, you're so lucky fuck me that was a shock! Can't believe  has left! Omg! What a shock! Kirk was evicted  #cbb #CBB whatttt...kirk 2 win not 2 be evicted  I know right  so sad haha OMG shocked at Kirk, he was one of the best ones  #cbb Nobody told me QLD was an hour behind Adelaide time. So I woke up at 7 instead of 8 #onehourofasleepingone OMFG I CANT BELIEVE KIRK WENT I VOTED FOR HIM lmao at MORPH&gt; “ Ikr? They morph.  RT  You cant judge a newborn ” - Kirky Baby I can barely put my hair in a ponytail so I really love you noooooo way !!!!! That's madness that your out yep! And I'm so hungry WHAT!!!  Was we all watching the same show there. Didn't I hear boos for the twins and Nicola and cheers for Kirk!! :-( Not happy kirks out who am I guna watch now  #fitty Smh, you shouldn't be fighting RT   i got suspended for 5 days : ( must be nice to have 2 cars. Dont think ill be at BAR tonite :-( I'm really upset I'm gonna miss my health teacher RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" my parents !  I wish I coulda stayed ! Can't believe Kirk has gone!!! Wahhh  #cbb Why Is kirk out WHAT THE FUCKKK. Why kirk?! No fucking way  has gone I need someone to retweet one of my tweets What? Why? ): RT   grounded No kirk's out  #CBB NOOOOOO!!!!! #teamkirk   x why the hell is kirk out  #CBB oh I don't like you, I was just there a few weeks ago! :-( RT  i hate being pale, i want a tan Lol awww poor thing Gonna miss gloria jeans so much when I go back to mke. LOL,  :D Not Kirkyyyyyy  he shouldn't have went!!  #bbuk Aww my poor Mae kirk's still with his pornstar? the sad part is that a part of me believes it. it just started dripping bare! :-( My girl needs to hurry up and get off work InshAllaa woooMAN ;* RT   YALLAA!!!  hurry ub woman! We needz to tan! dont tell me kirk has left please RT  If this 18-month-old girl picture gets 10000 #ReTweet her heart transplant Is free....please share & #ReTweet! it's ok but just know iv always wanted to go skiing  LOOOL!! You gutted that kirks been kicked out of #bbuk xxxx AWWE ! don't want too watch it now  #loadofrubbish :-( :-( refuse to watch #CBB now!!!!!!!  I love you, xxxxxxx she'll go don't you worry but how's kirk gone  #ANNOYED xx Why? woooooah how'd that happen? Kirk's ace?  #cbb #nothappypublic it's horrid :-( still cant get over how upset niall looked when louis mad that comment on the tour diary  know it was a joke but it upset him RT  Cant believe kirk has gone no reason to watch big brother now ntp  TE AMOO!! Nooooo way has Kirk left!! No point watching CBB now!   #emotionaltimes I Hate Wen Myy Phonee Screen Iss Stickyy nooo why kirk Aww  is out  #cbb NOOOO  I hope Nicola goes next! she's amazing OR THE TWINS can't stand them I still love you, you beautiful, beautiful man! Cannot believe  has been evicted mmmmm So shocked  is out #bbuk because the tickets fell through  my mum was gonna pay for some but they were £270 !! and dasha wasnt allowed to go again that's good for me as I don't have any boobs  only a huge ass ( No rehearsal today  muscle collapsed, bath instead i feel your pain   i been threw tht , take an asprin ; feel better &lt;3 Send me a &quot;hello&quot;? Please, I beg  12 When you have sorted things out but a few hours later it all goes back to the way it used to be. What was the point i miss you too Jess shit wasnt expecting that just hope romeos safe now  xx ok ok ok, I'll wait WTF?!  made the show!!!!   will be lonely now RT  Oh my gosh as if  going from #CBB  x RT  My tweets aren't showing :-( not that ive got anything exciting to say..... just washed my hair but my hair dryers lost How can  be out if big brother ?! Now it's going to be boring b/c i dont get to see Jeff today n i want to cuddle with him but i cant NOOO! Never do that  if you want to support them but don't want to buy the CD, use Soribada (30 songs for like $7 USD). Can't believe Kirk's gone from #CBB I'm seriously about to enter TheLilKimZone again. :-(Feel as if I'm neva gona get ma wee da out the hospital Was doing so well! A few weeks of not collapsing and what happens....... i collapse :-( escorted out the building in a wheelchair #embaraced RT  I really liked Russell Brand & Katy Perry together  Ahwell, I can finally have Katy to myself. out???! No way Huh?? Idk why has he gone  I liked kirk can't believe  has left the house  #outrage #stella I wait a whole week to watch #stella and I discover it's silent movie time Laptopless, I'm forced to leave  tweaking to  and go to alamw12 parties. :-( hey Ronan what's up? Didn't do very well on my science test  but a tweet from u would be lovely for support x I'm going to miss my boyfriend this weekend RT    omg no i'm like so confused ahah I was jus pretending to know what u were talking about ^_^ Feel so depressed!! Arghhh jk Lil sis. Sorry you have to miss the game :-( Worst headache The devil turns on the xbox and asks me how I'm feeling......... I'll just pull all my hair out omg ours are next week, you're so lucky yeaaa fuck me that was a shock! Can't believe  has left! Omg! What a shock! Kirk was evicted  #cbb #CBB whatttt...kirk 2 win not 2 be evicted  I know right  so sad haha So Chris was replying to people  fuccccck time zones !! OMG shocked at Kirk, he was one of the best ones  #cbb Nobody told me QLD was an hour behind Adelaide time. So I woke up at 7 instead of 8 #onehourofasleepingone OMFG I CANT BELIEVE KIRK WENT I VOTED FOR HIM lmao at MORPH&gt; “ Ikr? They morph.  RT  You cant judge a newborn ” - Kirky Baby I can barely put my hair in a ponytail so I really love you noooooo way !!!!! That's madness that your out yep! And I'm so hungry WHAT!!!  Was we all watching the same show there. Didn't I hear boos for the twins and Nicola and cheers for Kirk!! :-( Not happy kirks out who am I guna watch now  #fitty Smh, you shouldn't be fighting RT   i got suspended for 5 days : ( must be nice to have 2 cars. Dont think ill be at BAR tonite :-( I'm really upset I'm gonna miss my health teacher RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" my parents !  I wish I coulda stayed ! Can't believe Kirk has gone!!! Wahhh  #cbb Why Is kirk out WHAT THE FUCKKK. Why kirk?! No fucking way  has gone I need someone to retweet one of my tweets What? Why? ): RT   grounded No kirk's out  #CBB NOOOOOO!!!!! #teamkirk   x why the hell is kirk out  #CBB oh I don't like you, I was just there a few weeks ago! :-( RT  i hate being pale, i want a tan Lol awww poor thing Gonna miss gloria jeans so much when I go back to mke. LOL,  :D Aww my poor Mae kirk's still with his pornstar? the sad part is that a part of me believes it. it just started dripping bare! :-( My girl needs to hurry up and get off work InshAllaa woooMAN ;* RT   YALLAA!!!  hurry ub woman! We needz to tan! dont tell me kirk has left please RT  If this 18-month-old girl picture gets 10000 #ReTweet her heart transplant Is free....please share & #ReTweet! it's ok but just know iv always wanted to go skiing  LOOOL!! You gutted that kirks been kicked out of #bbuk xxxx AWWE ! don't want too watch it now  #loadofrubbish :-( :-( refuse to watch #CBB now!!!!!!!  I love you, xxxxxxx she'll go don't you worry but how's kirk gone  #ANNOYED xx Why? woooooah how'd that happen? Kirk's ace?  #cbb #nothappypublic it's horrid :-( still cant get over how upset niall looked when louis mad that comment on the tour diary  know it was a joke but it upset him RT  Cant believe kirk has gone no reason to watch big brother now ntp  TE AMOO!! Nooooo way has Kirk left!! No point watching CBB now!   #emotionaltimes I Hate Wen Myy Phonee Screen Iss Stickyy nooo why kirk Aww  is out  #cbb NOOOO  I hope Nicola goes next! she's amazing OR THE TWINS can't stand them I still love you, you beautiful, beautiful man! Cannot believe  has been evicted mmmmm So shocked  is out #bbuk because the tickets fell through  my mum was gonna pay for some but they were £270 !! and dasha wasnt allowed to go again that's good for me as I don't have any boobs  only a huge ass ( No rehearsal today  muscle collapsed, bath instead i feel your pain   i been threw tht , take an asprin ; feel better &lt;3 When you have sorted things out but a few hours later it all goes back to the way it used to be. What was the point i miss you too Jess shit wasnt expecting that just hope romeos safe now  xx ok ok ok, I'll wait WTF?!  made the show!!!!   will be lonely now RT  Oh my gosh as if  going from #CBB  x RT  My tweets aren't showing :-( not that ive got anything exciting to say..... just washed my hair but my hair dryers lost b/c i dont get to see Jeff today n i want to cuddle with him but i cant NOOO! Never do that  if you want to support them but don't want to buy the CD, use Soribada (30 songs for like $7 USD). Can't believe Kirk's gone from #CBB I'm seriously about to enter TheLilKimZone again. :-(wtf!! can't belive your out!!  x Uggggh don't give him a chance anymore  you aren't a toy babygirl &lt;33 KIRKS OUT AMY  xx i'm genuinely upset because kirk is gone More tablets and more sleep  hope I feel better tomorrow! Can't believe kirk has been evicted, no way he deserved to stay in Its a sad day for the bird community I just want to be home. It normally takes me 20-30 minutes to get home and it's been an hour  Lord please let me get home. Lol sounds fun, I'm just being a loner..sitting in my room..by myself..on a friday..with a cuppa tea..and a jaffa cake BOL!! I Ain Buy My Butt Pads Pic Lol RT  Flat...BOL RT  Ass Gone Be Lookin Like A Moon Pie...... :-( NOOOOOOOO! Can't Believe Your Gone As if  has been voted off  the next week isn't gonna be the same without him!!! I'm so upset kirk has left, I was not prepared for that baaaa  #CBB kirk shoulda stayed!! Really not looking forward to work Boko Haram RT  Feel like absolute crap, would give anything to be cuddled up in bed with someone watching a film with a cup of tea right now #CBB what the actual fuck, get those twins out Yeah! :D Miss going there!!  such good times we had!! I've been sooo cold all DAY! This is kray Omg gutted  got voted out the #bbhouse :-( asin ehn I dunno wat 2 do now I can't type today.  #poop Kirky  you did not deserve to go!x Sooo much to tell Kofii Buccckss ! Omd I misss him Pls ask him for me fa!!  lmao!! RT  Hi Upon Eeew?? =)) RT  hi RT  Ewwwwwwww everybody was calling me ugly today yeah omg I actually lost half my heart WOW kirk should. Never have gone cbb RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you meany :p is actually gutted kirk has been evicted!  #cbb RT   Don't leave me asshole Im sorry for your loss  RIP Jason but I love kirk and his penis Kirk should have won! No more perving for me I didn't see you at lunch total shocker about Kirk!! Wow I'm sad it wasn't nominated. Noooo I wanted you to win cbb  was so gutted when you got voted off x  Can't believe  norcross is out!! aww  I won't be ablr to join you! Have fun though(: Don't forget to light the candle(; i know  i wish i really could see them one day /sigh where are you? I miss you Aw  never saw that coming  xx As if  went!!!! Actualy wanted him to win! I have no friends if they don't haha poor you and i though  was bad  and btw she is on my xbawx Noooo, Kirk got evicted!  #CBB No way  is out  that was a big shocker!! I know  but now he looks swaggin with the mask & cap ;) NOOOO WAY. This has to be a joke?! I'm SO shocked!! This is like the third or fourth day I've woken up and been dizzy. does this mean you hate me? yeah its mainly your fault not gona lie I woke up too late to go to VA aww I'm a quiet sort of person! Haha.I had a reality check...Realised I was annoying and backed off  you excited to start ur job? kirk though omg :-( no tuve clase :/ y no estas tu so sad you're not in the house anymore  well done, you still got so far :) x  aw alcoholics :-( No way kirk went have you learnt stuff for tomorrow. i havent  i had 4 exams. Noooo   no waay! :'( gonna miss seeing you everydayy!! X RT   imm good i didnt have schhool so ;) yeah im a huuge habs fan even tho they pretty much suck this year  youu? was good untill 10 mins ago I fell yesterday in the snow and hurt my foot even more :-( headache! oh about the baby? That sucks....majorly My Backbone  &. BestBxtch  . Soooooo Fake Gutted!! Only watched bb cos of  no point watchin now ugh i guss your not in my crew no more right  ~bad luck angelo wth! Kirk shouldnt of gone can i have one?  all alone, babysitting my nieces kirk was evicted  crying x  he has no routine.  issues. doesn't sleep easily No Alisha, please don't think so negatively :-( Then msg me then or something, I want to make Alisha happy xx is it because I woke you up She's gonna make me cry please follow me  xxxxxx I hate missing you  if you tweet like a letter i would be happy. miss your tweets I feel sad. I actuallly do. I LOVE KIRK.  #CBB Javierr B.  fuck man I feel bad for
him hes all sick on the bus && people are laughing at him  I'm going to help him Kirk  #sonotexpected Can't believe Kirk's out!! Well gutted imy  #VerySadTweet #ThingsICantStand so cuz u said no i cant go to japan yeah my other one was broke it wouldn't let people follow me  are you back in the dale? OMG  being evicted!!!! not happy  should have been the twins!!!! Can't actually believe Kirks gone #cbb Awwwwww!!! RT  I wish  was here to go handbag shopping with meCant believe  went  was so not expecting that... #emotional!!!!!! i miss Ash Honestly I feel so sick LOVE U  RT RT RT RT Please! I feel I never read my tweets A mí, me has unfolloweado sin motivo alguno Kirks gone omg house wont be the same, he made the house fun to watch. if only it really could happen  you don't know how lucky you are! Hate when my phone catches the light and i think i havea text what's happened I'm missing it  x Its been five months since I've been on a yacht  Not cool.. No point in watching #cbb now  has gone  #gutted I missed Janell & Essence today following :-) I however can't reply to DMs as my auto responder uses up all my messages :-( u know wat happened to justin and David?? Nobody will tell me & a worst headache :-( there was teaching, that was fun. then IT work  the dichotomy between being very excited and miserable is interesting lol RT  Nooooo not my kirk!!!!! #cbb Aww no  has gone  !!!!!!! aww my  has gone  #CBB Omg worst stomach pains in the world!! All I want right now is to be cuddled up with my bay,  making me feel better. hell yeah i really do sis :O! wtf!?  out!? cant f*cking believe that! #gutted !!  &lt;/3 I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 65 Okay my total just esculated to $53.88 Noooooooo.. Didn't want  to go!!! Has kirk been evicted? :-( Eaten 2much RT noooo I'm scared and it's cold  lol Lool but this wasn't the plan can't believe  has left the house Finally got round to watching the final episode of This Is England 88. Wahhhhhhhhhhhhh No way kirk get back in!!!!!!  #cbb Very very sad  RT  So sad I could cry kirk has gone out of CBB 
: - (. This headache is the worst..  Think I'm just gonna go to bed soon, I'm so tired and bored Cant believe  is out of #CBB  iloveeehimm! I started singing because of you, but unfortunately I can sing all your songs  my voice isn't so high as your Boys game is canceled  now I have no plans for tonight WHAT!! I thought the twins were going out!! Not kirk your happy aswell Frankie's probs gonna be boring now his wingman's gone! Ahhh maynn  #CBB #CBB won't be the same without To everyone who voted kirk out #iHATEyou! Worst moment of the day was getting my hand stuck inside of a resealable bag of Reese's Pieces. Hand bigger than the bag :-( Kirky boy is out  Boo! #eyecandyisgone xx Why the hell is  gone. :-( Teeth are so sore can't believe he's out before some of them knobs!  #BooHoo ok, i'm really upset over this  RT:   Picnik is closing 4/19. Until then, you can use Premium features @ no charge: blog.picnik.com LMAO. my little baby though!!!! bless him looks like i wont be watcing #cbb as the only reason i was watching it was because of kirl Don't know. They are not giving a reason for Kirsten not returning as planned. I don't know what I will do without my puppy in college...  #puppylove #cuddlebuddy Gonna Go Clean My Dads Car  Get $10 for it but how messy it is i think i deserve more ;) ! Back in 30mins &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; exactly....! RT  Anthony didn't call me today in the morning, that's why I woke up realllllly late... damn Anthony Noooo way! Can't believe that. Wish  wasn't evicted  #CBB What?! Kirk has been evicted  #CBB we're still rocking :-( RT  fuck that!!!!!! was not expecting that at all, kirkyy :'( homelogic y u no work???? NOOO im going to miss kirks wee face Well I didn't see that coming  WHY THE FUCK ARE THE TWINS AND MICHAEL STILL THERE, GET THEM OUT! miss you too!  xxo Ct scan at 8  ... #nervoussss  oh doll you've disappeared off it  sad times. Xx “ It's official  follows all my friends except me :'(” he doesn't follow me, either I don't wana wash my car RT  good luck tonight  :) #wishicouldgo kirk getting voted out of #CBB is the biggest shock noooooooooooooo I miss you guys too!  RT   I miss you!!!!!!! D':  Starting to think #CBB is fixed no way no one voted for  he was the best in the house RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you RT   we are closing tomorrow! I am going to miss you oh so much  #byebyeWildPair NO I'M JUST KIDDING MY FRIENDS :') DON'T TAKE IT OFF =) YOUR MEAN VAUGN  ! F U EVA MENDES. hahaha thank you! I never get to see this kind of stuff anymore. Gossip mags in english are hard to find Movies that make me cry  smh Man! My Phone Battery About To Die RT   then they get a slap across the face lol sorry Guys, too hyped. Note to self: Do not paint your nails before a day of printing in the studio. My pretty pink manicure is now green. i think you looked bare fit today! i didnt get the chance to tell you in school! Wish I was looking after and cuddling    &lt;3 my parents just got mad at me no eye candy anymore as if kirks gone! #everyonelovesyou! That was a shock! Wanted  to win. Whoever voted him is shit! Smh today is just one of them days.! i can't get my tongue because of dancing/singing No more eye candy in CBB   :-( #cbb yesssss I got you something tooo I gotta give to you! Misssss you What the hell?! kirk :-( Was not expecting that! #CBB noooooooo RT  Lord please show us your face....too many innocent people are dying and those in charge of this nation are not bothered. #kano your nail varnish is like £8 a bottle. I would use it all within a monthIn bed this early on a Friday. If I still lived in London id be goin fabric 2nite to see  smash it RT  I think DeAnthony tweeting about Gutted for :'( I don't like people Being upset ah no! badbadbad ell  also i'm sorry for like leaving three days in between tweets eheeee RT   it's a mans prerogative, none of them mean what they say or stay the same  xx what about me? I thought we were friends 'sykpe is not responding' ASIF  has gone out of BB  #gutted RT  All I want to do is sleep ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING, Why do not you send me even a "hello"? That's make me sad Oh no they would irritate me way too much  Im just a fail IM OUT!!! sorry bud Não tem online ? Wtffff tamps kirk has gone  ahh jel, its taken about half hour to finish the end of me registering online and its still not finished  want it nowww!xxx I Don't Have The Car yeah I heard that happened to a few people! The u.s. embassy in Syria might close down RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" I did not expect that  #cbb well now I have no idea who's next. Omfg as if Kirk has gone!!!!!!  wanted him to win! #cbb me too!! : ) can we use facebook girls, not used to this twitter shit yet! : ( I ain't to proud to tell you that I cry sometimes. I cry sometimes about it. #LostOne omg, why has Kirk gone? sad times So cold in this room  wahhh I wanna see my friends! nomore braceface  😰lol I Wish You Were Here With Me I really enjoyed my old car I feel satifised with every rib that appears  Eating Dis. Awareness week is coming up in feb, i wanna do a fundraiser but gotta be a fix hasnt it?!! Thought he'd do much better that that! At work..missing her :-( How can leading and trailing double underscores anything but a menace? I will never grok Python Thankyou &lt;3 but I didn't find them What the heck #CBB! why  Should have been Michael! Except I didn't get that  But the locker posters were pretty awesome. wait, why'd you laugh? your not the only on it's not fair!!  I wish everything was free life would be so much easier ahaha “ Everyone is getting their licences” Except Me aww  whats up? And guess what? :O xxxx So gutted  has been evicted   #bbuk I had a witty retort butturns out Jason Bateman was in Valerie but not Rhoda UGH I just did that to myself also. So annoying  double shower #whitewinebigtime RT  To everyone who voted kirk out #iHATEyou! Where as Sarah gone? Accidently put my favorite lipstick through the dryer  #lipstickprobz Etta James Voice Was Just So Wonderful. R.I.P Etta James I'm not even at home but omg Kirk RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you all i asked for was where to get a bbk top+for skepta  i still dont know where i can get my top+when skeptas turnin up asif  is out  wanted him to win Don't worry   We still love you #unexpectedeviction im good thankyou :D really sad that kirks out of cbb though  x Had no idea Chester Bennington was in Saw.. ;o wee shame he had to die whats up? No way!!! Cant believe   is out  im shocked :o he was in my final 3 ohh okay  thankyouuu xxx That's it now! Boycott celeb bb not worth watching without  :-( thanks for the update, sat watching Simpsons in the hope ... aw thanks babe! I was thinking of  earlier! Haven't heard from her in a few days  xxx Relaxing Friday evening...no gigs :-( early to bed early to rise! yea I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 69 my fingers hurt... Nooooo  should not have gone saaame  the twins and nicola had SO many boo's  xx I don't want Michael to go  xxxx ... WHY?! it hurts when im not talking to michael : (  i love you scrub  ♥ Having a laugh, kirks out :o #cbb, get frankie out Beyonces album 4 reminds me of tour so much  #wishiwasbackontour should not have been evicted .. EXACTLY! But I feel really upset now cause he hasn't replied  (I may dm you this) ahah xx tell me about it!! I'm somewhat pissed! They never give good news I hope my neice gets better she has a sore throat  #poorbaby Okay this pain is way to bad gonna go to the hospital bbl I guess Every time I use Aussie's volumizing mousse, my hair is static-ee  Anyone have a volumizing mousse they use that doesn't cause static? OMG gutted that Kirk went :'( I only voted for him before too  LOVE YOU KIRK NORCROSS &lt;3 could use one of them right now you were robbed i so wanted you to win   it wont be the same now .. Love you ,,, #cbb She no reply.... Forever alone i knowww. I don't wanna fly "GAWD!!! I need plastic surgery"  RT  What do U say when U look in the mirror??? kirk cant go  i ant watching big brother no more belllly frankies going to be lonely. I'm so sad now. RT  #thatsadmoment when you're supposed to hangout w someone and they ignore you I have forced myself to think  is coming to the UK for a release of Wonderstruck.  don't let me down Taylor  please I love you  #please NOOOOOO you didn't deserve to go I leave everything for last minute  shit its been a shocker tonight! - cant belivee kirks gone  , who did you want to go ? x #celebbigbrother oh my days,  what a shock  #guttedIn bed this early on a Friday. If I still lived in London id be goin fabric 2nite to see  smash it RT  I think DeAnthony tweeting about Gutted for :'( I don't like people Being upset ah no! badbadbad ell  also i'm sorry for like leaving three days in between tweets eheeee RT   it's a mans prerogative, none of them mean what they say or stay the same  xx what about me? I thought we were friends 'sykpe is not responding' ASIF  has gone out of BB  #gutted RT  All I want to do is sleep ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING, Why do not you send me even a "hello"? That's make me sad Oh no they would irritate me way too much  Im just a fail IM OUT!!! sorry bud Não tem online ? Wtffff tamps kirk has gone  ahh jel, its taken about half hour to finish the end of me registering online and its still not finished  want it nowww!xxx I Don't Have The Car yeah I heard that happened to a few people! The u.s. embassy in Syria might close down RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" I did not expect that  #cbb well now I have no idea who's next. Omfg as if Kirk has gone!!!!!!  wanted him to win! #cbb me too!! : ) can we use facebook girls, not used to this twitter shit yet! : ( I ain't to proud to tell you that I cry sometimes. I cry sometimes about it. #LostOne omg, why has Kirk gone? sad times So cold in this room  wahhh I wanna see my friends! nomore braceface  😰lol I Wish You Were Here With Me I really enjoyed my old car I feel satifised with every rib that appears  Eating Dis. Awareness week is coming up in feb, i wanna do a fundraiser but gotta be a fix hasnt it?!! Thought he'd do much better that that! At work..missing her :-( How can leading and trailing double underscores anything but a menace? I will never grok Python Thankyou &lt;3 but I didn't find them What the heck #CBB! why  Should have been Michael! Except I didn't get that  But the locker posters were pretty awesome. wait, why'd you laugh? your not the only on it's not fair!!  I wish everything was free life would be so much easier ahaha “ Everyone is getting their licences” Except Me aww  whats up? And guess what? :O xxxx So gutted  has been evicted   #bbuk I had a witty retort butturns out Jason Bateman was in Valerie but not Rhoda UGH I just did that to myself also. So annoying  double shower #whitewinebigtime RT  To everyone who voted kirk out #iHATEyou! Where as Sarah gone? Accidently put my favorite lipstick through the dryer  #lipstickprobz Etta James Voice Was Just So Wonderful. R.I.P Etta James I'm not even at home but omg Kirk RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you all i asked for was where to get a bbk top+for skepta  i still dont know where i can get my top+when skeptas turnin up asif  is out  wanted him to win Don't worry   We still love you #unexpectedeviction im good thankyou :D really sad that kirks out of cbb though  x Had no idea Chester Bennington was in Saw.. ;o wee shame he had to die whats up? No way!!! Cant believe   is out  im shocked :o he was in my final 3 ohh okay  thankyouuu xxx That's it now! Boycott celeb bb not worth watching without  :-( thanks for the update, sat watching Simpsons in the hope ... aw thanks babe! I was thinking of  earlier! Haven't heard from her in a few days  xxx Relaxing Friday evening...no gigs :-( early to bed early to rise! yea I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 69 my fingers hurt... Nooooo  should not have gone saaame  the twins and nicola had SO many boo's  xx I don't want Michael to go  xxxx ... WHY?! it hurts when im not talking to michael : (  i love you scrub  ♥ Having a laugh, kirks out :o #cbb, get frankie out Beyonces album 4 reminds me of tour so much  #wishiwasbackontour should not have been evicted .. EXACTLY! But I feel really upset now cause he hasn't replied  (I may dm you this) ahah xx tell me about it!! I'm somewhat pissed! They never give good news I hope my neice gets better she has a sore throat  #poorbaby Okay this pain is way to bad gonna go to the hospital bbl I guess Every time I use Aussie's volumizing mousse, my hair is static-ee  Anyone have a volumizing mousse they use that doesn't cause static? OMG gutted that Kirk went :'( I only voted for him before too  LOVE YOU KIRK NORCROSS &lt;3 could use one of them right now you were robbed i so wanted you to win   it wont be the same now .. Love you ,,, #cbb She no reply.... Forever alone i knowww. I don't wanna fly "GAWD!!! I need plastic surgery"  RT  What do U say when U look in the mirror??? kirk cant go  i ant watching big brother no more belllly frankies going to be lonely. I'm so sad now. RT  #thatsadmoment when you're supposed to hangout w someone and they ignore you I have forced myself to think  is coming to the UK for a release of Wonderstruck.  don't let me down Taylor  please I love you  #please NOOOOOO you didn't deserve to go I leave everything for last minute  shit its been a shocker tonight! - cant belivee kirks gone  , who did you want to go ? x #celebbigbrother oh my days,  what a shock  #guttedWhy do I always feel so sick to my stomach lately? deffo :| I'm genuinely annoyed RT  I miss you nobody called me you only got two followers i  ask my mom for a Hug then she start feeling on me pls tell me dis ain't Naija RT  Very very sad  RT  So sad i know im well gutted. i love little kirk I'm so shocked can't believe people didnt vote Well Done Kirk!! What a shock your out  x Alex is gonna be so upset! It's gonna b a rough nite tellin him. :-( Best of luck to u! I haven't eaten all day  my stomach is growling..lbs RT  Lobbyists can no longer assume well-financed legislative programs are safe from web-driven populism   :-( &lt;--me, crying Crap day :/ had to tell my best friend that it would be better if we weren't friends mine too, he was the best thing about the programme  xxxxxxxx whaaaat!! I'm not amused!  x Soon We Wont Be Living With Each Other Anymore I miss my mummy!! what am I supposed to do when I'm in advisory cant believe whats happening with sky! I was enjoying #stella noooo,  is out  #wtf  gutted! wanted to see jello tmrw but he got an game  blah that sucks he was my favourite  can't believe the twins are still in there #CBBfix Noooooo way can't beleave kirk has gone!!!! :-(  bye kirk xxxx Oh no  got evicted! : ( 100%  to win now #cbb can't believe Kirk's gone Poor girl on the late late  she can barely smile I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 82 k, WHY IS IT SO HARD TO FIND A JOB? OMMMMMMMG!!!! What The Heckkkkkk, Asif Kirk Left! Are Yous Seriousssss why did you have to write on here who's out? I haven't watched cbb yet!  hmphhh! ain't following me back  #teamfollowback mama? RT that's what I thought;) #ByeBye Not even watching big brother but i know kirk my baby has gone PT time, every week this rolls round and I think the same thing, "to those who are about to die, we salute you"
I feel I'm being saluted Dammit I'm not allowed to go uganda it's not even the charger it the phones that stop charging! Myy Dayy Wass okaee I aintt See himm Doee Are you just fine? :-( man mi mama just made me mad she gne say she cant gt brother nd mi baby up here for da game uugghh I only tweet proper when folks are sleeping. this can't be fair Kirk  theres another soon :-( i wish i could be there tomorrow so badly  hoping you come back someday Los amigos with my girls &lt;3   miss you,   text me after gymnasticss Are you keeping up with jersey shore?. I was teary eyed when vinny left.. WAH. *phone rings* awwwww shit tony is calling Can't believe kirk has gone  how  are the twins still in?? Really upset for no reason #CBB what a bloody joke get them fucking twins out be there in a sec &lt;3 RT  &lt;----	Wants someone to come over & watch movies & cuddle with her . Since I'm not going to the game shopping at the muncie mall without  feels incomplete i'm feeling so sad knowing that  will never notice me  #muchlove xo - naww so you have school These days ? I'm still have one more week of holidays then school again  &lt;/3 By the time  come on here I'll be asleep and that means he won't follow me  I'm gunna stay awake all night I that's the case! wish I didn't listen to by boyfriend just lost me £600'000  x no seun, not a bad bad day ☹. A bad bad night, donno why though awwwww  GNTV can cheer u up in no time :D  ;P remember and vote! ;D haha :-( I could tell by your reaction and the look on your face that you weren't expecting that at all  ah wrong decision! Xx ↓  :'( My Internet is broken and I'm missing out on all this Minecraft goodness  BEAM IT TO MY BRAIN i wanted kirk to win Meu twitter fica travando toda hora  Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless &lt;3  I'm in shock! can't believe  went home #cbb They're all yours ;) *passes you the plate* :) .. No Ketchup though Whomp! omg, watching the #DrPhil about the #CostaConcordia. so crazy " Kirk Norcross is the fourth housemate to be evicted from Celebrity Big Brother 2012. #CBB" NOOOO I wanted  to win! come one liam! youve been online when i tweet you and you still dont see them!!  just please tweet me one day? :’( ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gutted  is out :-( xx Workyyyy All my followers please trend it #WeWantDiannaInSeason4 cant believe  is out BB Oh no  I'm sorry! I make you treats ! Crab antics ..... Being dragged back down Yes oh nd I miss d hair  RT  Shut up nd drive  " Finally taken off my weave.." why can't i see emojis on my mac ?? right now I'm one of those people that only see [] instead of pretty stuff Was just sitting there on my chair then feel asleep. Kirk :o that's shocking  just shows you need to vote.. HOW THE FUCK IS KIRK GONE #RespectYourselfBeforeYouWreckYourself can't believe  left Its very easy to hurt someone & say
"sorry"

but its really difficult to get hurt & say
" Its Ok "  RT  Emosh that Kirks gone  nooooooo i miss you RT  SONNY. WHY DONT YOU HAVE GRAPES? i hate bananas. wahh. Baby sitting is so dull when the kids go to bed. Can't build towers and fighter jets or read stories about dragons or princesses anymore First I Wanted  To Win Then She Went  then Kirk now he's gone  ROMEO TO WIN. WTF Is Nicola Still Doing There?  hmm the c*nts! Ahw wenger will buy players that are never injured one say RT  Now Frankies a loner The 4 geography tests today was a killer, worst thing about it is, that's the way class is gonna be from now until the leaving 1 year today  #howtimeflys love always x same! What the actual frig.. It is an actual fix! 290 was horrible!! Took me 2 and half hours to get home.  RT  Traffic just near me! I'd hate to see the Ryan, 290 or LSD! YI don't und   I'm fear for Romeo.... I hate the british public #howeverididntvote So many indians!!!! I love it here haha. I just wish I was enough indian to get a tribal I.d. , I dont think she going to come see me We sure do Party Party Party  BB me tomorrow as I will be doing nothing  xxxxxxX R.I.P. Dad i will miss you. Born 04/22/1964 Died 07/06/2009 miss you I had to turn it off! lol thirst? that stinks  but cant live off sunshine i suppose ;) and  should RT me sometime back sore! Nt happy i loved him! hes so fittt, and he was so cute and aw, im sad now Wont be on much today due to practice.  xx Fucking gutted that the gorgeous  is out i think Minecraft shouldn't be daily anymore. it's really good but its not as funny anymore  skyrim, however, is hilarious! grrrrrr ok chick sorry i missed you when you was home As if kirk is gone!  #CBB I know #wahh kjhklhdkj  how you do to don't have defects? you're the best person IN THE WORLD, man!! i love you sooooooooo much I didn't want Kirk to go  there won't be any fun in the house anymore! So many emotions oh is that the little girl who was on front of the mail? #sososad  x Aww I see all my friends putting up their college senior pics  now I regret taking up a minor, gotta do an extra sem. -_- RT  #cbb can't believe my kirks gone I really want a chastity ring please follow me? you're a huge inspiration to me, wanna be an amazing footballer like you but I never will be  huge fan! :D can't believe kirk has been evicted  x There's gotta be a twist? My baby Send me a "hello"? Please, I beg  17 (sorry the spam) Love you bby kirk Bye Kirk , gonna miss you in the house  #CBB Follow me, I'm from Spain Fine boo and kinda tired cos I prepared dinner for everyone today  "  i good hun! u?" I never seen kirk going shocked omg   xxxxx lol no no no... I have classes 9-5 on Fridays hope we get to watch stella tonight dont wana wait til next week  sort it out!! #sky1 #stella #omg what a shock!  was evicted!  no more frankie\kirk bromance you have to take a claim with creditors... Not worth it for £10... never leave your tumblr, I know so many of us would be so sad ok i have a so busy life !!!srry  that i didn't follow you alot im a rrly bad fan  studying n going out's Destroyed my life ill miss you too  honestly cant believe its going to happen =0      =/ And I'm sooooo hungry too Just annoyed now. Poor Etta James can't believe she's passed away!! class this morning  just finished working out! :) but sooo much hw tonight i tried but im Canadian so i cant i wanna see her pyjamas again completely  tell her i miss her (: ( live on not happy Kirst  not watching it again xxxxx Me bwored! Sad face  hun you was brilliant fallen even deeper in love with you nd I did think I could :) &lt;3  #CBB Kirk should NOT have left #CBB he's fabulus!!!!!! and yeh same    there'll be no pretti ppl left!!!!! On my way 2 Walmart Chloe decided 2 stay w mom & Peyt so Im goin all alone Thanks Dana. Poor  staff are in pieces he was 17! I only knew him from here and for a comparatively short time RT  i hate when we fight ! It's too cold should probably start studying  #effdiplomas  That's made my Friday night quite upsetting  #cbb #kirkshouldnothaveleft WAKART  Stupid dota☹"  " Time to steal meat:)"" First day sailing after the worlds, I was a bit crap today! :-( Tomorrow I'll be better.  RT  our people are killing our people No. It only includes airfare from Vancouver and Montreal. I read the rules and regulations ye i was...im not courageous as i think i am :S  won't be here till bout 8 faïda please!  lmfaoo Certainly wasn't exspectin that kirk gone  now Nicola or Denise !!! haha thanks girl! Have fun in Edmonton #thanksforleavingme  haha jk! defo can't watch it anymore  x it's so good! have you heard who's just gone though? " Not trying to work  but looking forward to celebrating  's 18th birthday tonighttttt!!" Doing the exact same! its juice you ass silly work the vow makes me want a valentine Where's My pencil Hello  what can I do for you to follow me? Don't lie please tell me your lying omg  " WHAAAAAAAAAAT How can Kirk gooo!!!!” Whose d weereey? " Its the fact that he is doing ugly girls over her that is paining her nd that he is cheating  lool" nothing on Kirk I'm so hungry  *walks in kitchen* Kiiirrrk  #CBB #shouldhavebeenthetwins Absinthe jailbreak is easy! Sopa is Dead, but so is MegaUpload I know  « Phone dead all day & I couldnt even txt oomf -__-» ya theyre all hated anyway! ya true frankie wont be the same without him so upset that  has left #cbb  my evenings aint gonna be the same!!! My momma won't be here for my first game. #Pray for me guys omg dying  you can't stay over tomorrow ? ah no, I loved Kirk an  together they were brilliant He's truly dreadful. Amateur hour :-( Today's Link's bar acoustic is not nearly as good as last week's It comes in three's...I wonder who's next...we got two down... its fudging annoying, every time I record fo' like 30mins, it doesn't save itt!!  and it took like 30mins to set up my mic. I want an oversized tartan jacket so bad but cannot find one anywhereeee!! :-( RT  dont even wanna watch big brother now that  has gone #Lt she know who she is That's why your future is fucked bitch ass : ( I miss my mom  - Hopefully she comes visits me in the summer :) Bless it! I cursed today  Self improvement is difficult!RT  school will NEVER be the same if Markees actually did get expelled literally in shock!!!! haha!or just give them away. I just got back home,all I need is to sleep. I've been sitting down for the past 5 hours i still cant see properly. my life officialy SUCKS Cutest screen saver doe :* miss my bebbb I literally almost got killed today if I didn't do what I was suppose to do today  Dont get involved with the wrong people! It's no good! I'm so boreed why did you have to go?  still love you x fuck this school too cold up here what about someone like you "touched something really deep inside me  " and set fire to the rain :) Eya, Urs is pathetic. Sorry " "GAWD!!! I need plastic surgery"  RT  What do U say when U look in the mirror???"  i &lt;3 you so much  :) My legs hurt I'm recording it! Which means I'm gonna miss it now  NOOOOOO #letmeknowifitsgood i was hoping that this time it wud last longer, but u surprised me and broke the heart that u loved Guess im not doin shit tonight doesn't want to laugh unfortunately I don't think you will earn enough money to not work and just play sport  #dreamworld Awww  you not out with Sadie xx Cannot believe  has been evicted no totty to watch now :-( Why the fuck have I been sitting on the kitchen floor for the past half an hour? My bum feels non exsistant Not happy with my exam grades #upset #letdown oh wow my cousins live in canada! its quite warm for this time of year really, we haven't had any snow either! #ThingsICantStand  when someone tells you that there your bestfriend but you know they dont care about you at all 
#stillcareaboutHERalot My mum just called my cat ugly  show Treasure some love he's upset Today has just been one of those days. 
#ihopeitgetsbetter Cannot believe  has gone, there will be no more #Kankie in the house! Should've been there #CBB omgg I didn't see you either  I'm feeling a little better just real tired thanksboo Hey best friend you're scaring me  #stopit Twitter is quiet from shock but busy from panic..  that has made me wonder whether Franks actually is safe.. Can this night get any fucking worse? Good luck daddy  hope everything goes well Because if I was in Holland, I wouldn't be a nice guy. i dunno " RT  Movies are expensive now.&lt;~aww man...when are you going?" Hopefully, tonight it's raining here :-( #BecauseOfYou my best friend isn't the same : ( Ohhh my god at #cbb !! Kirk has gone Noooo !! I heard he went back to Baton Rouge today for his grandma's funeral  I read it in Lakers/Magic game preview lol I have too pee. No!  RT  If Morse's contract goes beyond 2013 (which would have been his FA year), safe to assume #Nats are out on Fielder. What the Hell Kirk Was Beaut !!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT   whoa!you've made BIG progress in just four years!    im just trying to figure out why you havent been given a record deal “ Update: GOING DOWN WELL #baking  JACK EATING CAKE! I want some I'll meet ya in the commons haha. I don't wanna get up.  & You Didn't Even Bother To SHARE I'm actually shitting myself hahaha I want my baby to win oh good good hows the rihanna booty? I want one :-( slowly losing my weight but joining gym again next month xxxx I love you so much  sorry i'm not a good fan Kinda gutted by the death of Etta James  She was really fantastic and iconic for her generation. Will be sadly missed. R.I.P ♥ x I know sooo #tacky get them OUT!!! Gutted as well did not expect him to go  x Hope later will be a good day.  you tell me the answer Not kirk, if Romeo goes, I'm actually not going to watch it anymore Packing #cbb ruined!  & frankie soo funny together Who knew an hour of yoga and pilates could hurt so much! RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you they don't rate O.M.G can't believe ur out!! What a shocker  xx RT  I'm so hungry  *walks in kitchen* follow me, I've been trying this for so long time  84 RT  Welp i tried RT     -___- too bad you're working tonight!  boo I'm cold.. why does everything have to go wrong for me.. My computer stopped working. Not recognizing USB ports and is very slow at detecting SATA devices on boot. Maybe the mobo is gone I miss you!  text me! keef?! did you forget the sundae ice cream I would make for you? &  nooooooooo Get it twisted, love isn't as beautiful as It is supposed to be she died dont give up RT  Omg now all we have left to look at is Romeo :-( omg Not looking forward to tomorrow :-( yea me too  it sucks I haven't been in Chicago for a month  I'll catch it in the city this weekend hopefully also in banning video games that glorify killing~especially the 1 about dogfighting  disgusting parents don't know i want more followers not loosing them! we should! Also, I was a little surprised you werent at Black Dahlia on Monday just gone   xx Waattt  how can  go thats just stupid!! Poor kirky it does  DM'd you cos I didnt wanna irritate people :3 haha why don't you like Kirk? He's lovely  xxx haha i know! It's weird isn't it! Im just sad it wasn't actualIy  :p i know right  we need to go!! Miss u xxx My nose's been burning since this morning   #StupidCold ! ah i miss the old days  ... RT  it's amazing how stupid you can be when you're in love My brother ripped my curtains off the wall while I was gone Guess i don't get to see my babe this weekend i want ice cream So this dude was tryna talk to me today I was liteway rude to him She doesnt like the new hair why Pains left n now dey bk  wth is goin on My mom abandoned me in the car to get oil  isss cowwwddd you know  xxxx I'M GOING  IN EARLY TONIGHT THE NEWS TALKING BOUT RAIN AND SNOW I'm at. Walmart (in canada) and we aint got that "  i know i know  lol" JK lol &lt;33 if you need to talk I'm here for yewz Yeah it was but in the original, Niall didn't laugh or anything he just looked sad everybody in the STUDIO ! why wasnt i invited?  lolI'm so annoyed right now. I really want to meet Cher Lloyd really badly.  lash RT  So i've been at the dentist since 12:30 and i'm still waiting lol. I havent eaten yet Grounded from my car that's far... RT  " But where's   ?" I'm here booboo , pay for your bis now you are absaloutely beautiful! I would love to meet you Stomach Flu? Food Poisoning ??  Yuck.  : ( Kirk shouldn't have gone  can't stand the twins!! #getthemout. #CBB didnt give me a lot of time to prove myself first time I havent liked rehearsals... Ooooooch *talkin tom voice kerin threw a ring at me the horror when the mother buys Creamy Lancashire Cheese rather than Crumbly I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 89  Work No not RT  Glenn, don't give this idiot more publicity  MT  Creator of viral video “Why I Hate Religion, But Love Jesus" at 5pm ET on #GBTV! Bored isnt even the word :'( aww i'm sorry  it sucks, it's just my cousins live like literally two streets over from us and they think they're better which is a very long time oh no I am recording that :-( Trying to post my #FF but twitter won't let me. Sick :-(   send soup. (@ Brad's Humble Abode) So this is me.. and im gonna #sleep with this #lovely #teddy #bear haha  #goodnight :) I would slap two grannies to go to the the 49ers game in San Fran on Sunday Mellor , lovely cushion header for gerrard OH YA BEAUTY ! WHAT A HIT SON , WHAT A HIT ! How I miss these big European nights #CBB cannot believe Kirks gone .ii miss the old us , ii wish them days would come back I know hold ur tears  x RT  omg didn't expect thaaaaat what's up Emble???  xx No me odies RT  My hands are always freezing cold Sad that Kirk's gone. Broken up the bromance with  #CBB Efdaach dlou3tii ♥__♥" Fdit 9outha  ♥ I voted 4 Kirk toooo many times   now I'm not watchin it!!!! #fuckincrap!!!! Am I the only one who knows Jessie&the Toyboys?Her music is umm makes you wanna get really drunk&dance real stupid hahaha awww theres still cinnamon stuck in my throat . . if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)254 it does cock up the sky + record :-( i cant wait to play again too! I did literally NOTHING on thursday. It was deader than dead i love u so much and my dream is that u Rt and Notice Me but that's impossible because u never gonna see this tweet  13 Love the new  spring stuff! If only i hadnt spent my money on the sale.. RT  I don't feel good AT ALLL i wanted the twins or michael to go  x I'd like to have Justin for my birthday but they told me that it wasn't possible.. how rude I just want school to be over. paul turner ligt uit the voice I'm never going to get a nap. a lot of biology but not a lot of the other 2, need to revise but got too much on  xx that makes me sad !!!!! if i were in atl, you know i would be there in a mofo heart beat !!!! cable shut off cuz Eli didnt pay the bill for 6 months now Al Sharpton cant yell at me in a very deliberate manner while i eat my dinner aww no  im sure you'll get to see them next time!! we can have a fun day out on sunday if you want :) I Sorry  I Deadass Hated These Past To Days Not Talking To You Spicy food and alcohol just don't mix! Feeling utter crap now RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. chopsticks aren't supposed to give you splinters RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you aww my baby kirk went ME MATA!! eu nao vou no show do Still want kopperberg strawberry and lime cider please RT  Hey #Chicago, we told you the PM rush would be a mess. Why didn't you listen?  :-( can't believe kirk's out - might cry!   #cbb #inshock that's not his name! And I'm not obsessed!  you're being mean to mean, you know? Quit picking on me. Being offered food  instead I'm sitting, slowly eating almonds I was expecting the twins and Michael :O omg can't believe he's out  x totally gutted RT   Well Done Kirk!! What a shock your out  x I think  is upset with me has it already passed ?  bc i like her too what ?! I Have 3  so lucky, no cant teach an old dog new tricks  omg that's so bad I joke im tired, feel sick and cold  safe to say theres going to be a grumpy aimee tonight #repectyourselfbeforeyouwreckyourselfget kirk trending  #CBB can't believe what just happened  RT  Now I can't even go to sleep RT   I couldn't download your book in UK!  Awh..If You are in UK, Use the UK link Hugs2U! →  &lt;-4 UK RT  Goodbye WinterFro oh poor baby kitty.  hope she recovers quickly! What kind of infection? I wish he didnt have to go to work I'm busy tonight  but let's figure out another time/date next week! NOOOOO  is one big FIX Kirk should not have been EVICTED im gutted aww gads  was hoping end of this yr haha #dreaming lol xxx knew I'd through it if kirk got evicted.. Good thing she took it away. NOT FAIR WHY KIRK Playing Zork. I'm stuck and don't know what to do An Excerpt From Winter: Sarah Burke and Rory Bushfield:  via  Made me pretty sad lmao i do that sometimes Not a lot of love lately for Canadian book bloggers. I miss my cell phone... Why is the buses always full and stuffy? RT  Omg poor Kirk! The bromance is over, NOOOO.  &lt;/3 we love you Awwww man, I just lost a follower RT  I got out of bed and made my way to the couch. Still no food though I wanna see #RedTails.... But there's gonna b a snow storm no it doesn't  but!! i've blue tacked a talking buzz lightyear to the door and glued a plastic gorilla on to my computer? RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you My boobs hurtLmao. Why though. " The people in the world have gone crazy!!  lockerz.com/s/176222831" It is if you are a tight... uhh.. wait.. no joke readily available.. dang...... sorry man Workie till close  #comevisit Wasn't I just sick like two weeks ago? My immune system must be going to crap. I love my cousin! &lt;3 I can talk to her about EVERYTHING. I miss her! I'm so annoyed right now. I really want to meet Cher Lloyd really badly.  lash RT  So i've been at the dentist since 12:30 and i'm still waiting lol. I havent eaten yet Grounded from my car that's far... RT  " But where's   ?" I'm here booboo , pay for your bis now you are absaloutely beautiful! I would love to meet you Stomach Flu? Food Poisoning ??  Yuck.  : ( Kirk shouldn't have gone  can't stand the twins!! #getthemout. #CBB didnt give me a lot of time to prove myself first time I havent liked rehearsals... Ooooooch *talkin tom voice kerin threw a ring at me the horror when the mother buys Creamy Lancashire Cheese rather than Crumbly I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 89  Work No not RT  Glenn, don't give this idiot more publicity  MT  Creator of viral video “Why I Hate Religion, But Love Jesus" at 5pm ET on #GBTV! Bored isnt even the word :'( aww i'm sorry  it sucks, it's just my cousins live like literally two streets over from us and they think they're better which is a very long time oh no I am recording that :-( Trying to post my #FF but twitter won't let me. Sick :-(   send soup. (@ Brad's Humble Abode) So this is me.. and im gonna #sleep with this #lovely #teddy #bear haha  #goodnight :) I would slap two grannies to go to the the 49ers game in San Fran on Sunday Mellor , lovely cushion header for gerrard OH YA BEAUTY ! WHAT A HIT SON , WHAT A HIT ! How I miss these big European nights #CBB cannot believe Kirks gone .ii miss the old us , ii wish them days would come back I know hold ur tears  x RT  omg didn't expect thaaaaat what's up Emble???  xx No me odies RT  My hands are always freezing cold Sad that Kirk's gone. Broken up the bromance with  #CBB Efdaach dlou3tii ♥__♥" Fdit 9outha  ♥ I voted 4 Kirk toooo many times   now I'm not watchin it!!!! #fuckincrap!!!! Am I the only one who knows Jessie&the Toyboys?Her music is umm makes you wanna get really drunk&dance real stupid hahaha awww theres still cinnamon stuck in my throat . . if u gonna follow #BELIEBERS please follow me  I'm trying this since for a long time Loveu &lt;3 don't stop believing :)254 it does cock up the sky + record :-( i cant wait to play again too! I did literally NOTHING on thursday. It was deader than dead i love u so much and my dream is that u Rt and Notice Me but that's impossible because u never gonna see this tweet  13 Love the new  spring stuff! If only i hadnt spent my money on the sale.. RT  I don't feel good AT ALLL i wanted the twins or michael to go  x I'd like to have Justin for my birthday but they told me that it wasn't possible.. how rude I just want school to be over. paul turner ligt uit the voice I'm never going to get a nap. a lot of biology but not a lot of the other 2, need to revise but got too much on  xx that makes me sad !!!!! if i were in atl, you know i would be there in a mofo heart beat !!!! cable shut off cuz Eli didnt pay the bill for 6 months now Al Sharpton cant yell at me in a very deliberate manner while i eat my dinner aww no  im sure you'll get to see them next time!! we can have a fun day out on sunday if you want :) I Sorry  I Deadass Hated These Past To Days Not Talking To You Spicy food and alcohol just don't mix! Feeling utter crap now RT  Also remember Megaupload got taken down WITHOUT SOPA. Governments are just gonna be shitty with internet stuff for a long time. chopsticks aren't supposed to give you splinters RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you aww my baby kirk went ME MATA!! eu nao vou no show do Still want kopperberg strawberry and lime cider please RT  Hey #Chicago, we told you the PM rush would be a mess. Why didn't you listen?  :-( can't believe kirk's out - might cry!   #cbb #inshock that's not his name! And I'm not obsessed!  you're being mean to mean, you know? Quit picking on me. Being offered food  instead I'm sitting, slowly eating almonds I was expecting the twins and Michael :O omg can't believe he's out  x totally gutted RT   Well Done Kirk!! What a shock your out  x I think  is upset with me has it already passed ?  bc i like her too what ?! I Have 3  so lucky, no cant teach an old dog new tricks  omg that's so bad I joke im tired, feel sick and cold  safe to say theres going to be a grumpy aimee tonight #repectyourselfbeforeyouwreckyourselfget kirk trending  #CBB can't believe what just happened  RT  Now I can't even go to sleep RT   I couldn't download your book in UK!  Awh..If You are in UK, Use the UK link Hugs2U! →  &lt;-4 UK RT  Goodbye WinterFro oh poor baby kitty.  hope she recovers quickly! What kind of infection? I wish he didnt have to go to work I'm busy tonight  but let's figure out another time/date next week! NOOOOO  is one big FIX Kirk should not have been EVICTED im gutted aww gads  was hoping end of this yr haha #dreaming lol xxx knew I'd through it if kirk got evicted.. Good thing she took it away. NOT FAIR WHY KIRK Playing Zork. I'm stuck and don't know what to do An Excerpt From Winter: Sarah Burke and Rory Bushfield:  via  Made me pretty sad lmao i do that sometimes Not a lot of love lately for Canadian book bloggers. I miss my cell phone... Why is the buses always full and stuffy? RT  Omg poor Kirk! The bromance is over, NOOOO.  &lt;/3 we love you Awwww man, I just lost a followeri'm just thinkin maybe you don't remember runnin' over that hobo. Poor hobo!! lol ok :) so wassup? btw art of war not loading for me yes and btw everyone is going to Southern theres a huge party I barely fit in my loaner car Wait, what? Sweet! LOL I don't have anything but a few bits and pieces. Of pieces. LOL My focus has been down. Disappointed Just ate two cupcakes Can't believe Kirk is out Nooooo McDonald's. Don't have the strawberry lemonades no more!!! I need help with college stuff.. Huge bummer for us! I just noticed when Feb. 14th is.  teaches that night  We're officially out. *sniff* me too. I can't get you off my mind, seriously,I wish I never met you, I dnt like this man (( waaaah Hell Yea RT  I just did the cinnamon challenge  IMMA DIE gutting ur out  :-( I knew you'd ask that and no Aw I am actually going into a meeting now  But at least now we are set up for future skyping adventures! is out  shutuuuup!! RT  ##ThingsICantStand   Fucken #winter oh...ok...I guess I will have to wait it out!  THANKS!!!  &lt;3&lt;3 they've been over for a while, I thought they would as well but he's moving out so thinking its serious haha.. Hmm My thighs are fcckng killing nossa 20 unfollow   #UniaoDoTwitterSegueEuSigoDeVolta #instantfollow #ifollowback #500ADAY #IFollowAll #FollowFriday #autofollow you know i would be there without even asking if i were still in atlanta It sucks when your thinking of someone knowing they don't ever think of you wish i was coming its like 15 mins away  xx aww akward i tought you would be mine ?  lol joking &lt;21 Awh Bella and Saskia ringing me during  drunk again :-( sounding amazing, love you's ((((Hugs))))) RT  I need a huuuuggggg!!!!!!!!!!! :-( even after checking on u?  “ Ignoring  tho...”  what's wrong baby!  text me I lost my contacts will miss watching  on #CBB  ahhwww ben nog in rdam I don't feel the love RT  I just want to be skinny RT  So the RunQ8 race has been postponed due to unsteady weather conditions!lol .. What a pity! I was getting ready for it Gonna miss seeing  being on my tv everyday  should of stayed! Omgggg, track starts in 42 days. #notready omg my friend is such a nice person but shit things happen to her a lot it's not fair :-( was trying to drive my car today. It's stick shift and I was crying. I was crying. He hurt my baby  FUCKING ASSHOLE BITCH! Not looking forward to driving home issoryt. " Yimu X 2 " The feeling is mutual :D " I miss you ♥"""  WHAT?!!!! WTF?!! NO WAY!!! can't believe it, and i only jst started to watch it Ahhhhhh my mouth burn no it's Luchana sorry ok no going out, just realised just how much money I have to spend on equipment this term. they really make art courses only for the rich que te ignoran everywhere  ohh ok :P thankksss i didnt understand what it was  hahahaha I think so too  how poop is this now haha xx all day i been eating junk food....im just not in the mood the guy who hurt ur sister is I don't!!!!! I want him ???? :-( I love  , I now HATE big brother My baby sis is touring Spelman today. She grew up way too fast. :-( wait tickets are on sell?! Me too!  ♥ Sad  it was over. I thought I had ten pages but. I didn't. Only 2 haha. It was so good. you crying is the worst sound i have ever heard Wish I had a big spoon for these cold winter nights. awh bye Pissed off? wont let me add you oh my gosh  I'm so sorry to hear that! Ill pray for him too I do wish I'd gone to that gig though :-( Bloody skint January. as if  is out Pleaseeeee follow me, you've promised aiii boo so sorry RT   omg it's due tonight :'( kk u'll help wv chem ¿Por qué no me quieren las Community Managers? Cant wait to go back to malaysia.. I miss malaysia already sucks don't it  seems like you think about them more when you can't have them!  hope your ok to!xxxx ohh yes baby! Feeling sick! Can't breath out of my nose. Need soup and an early bedtime! RT  Absinthe jailbreak is easy! Sopa is Dead, but so is MegaUpload Couldnt even eat cheesy chips nd gravy or lasagne  why do i have to worry #purehatred oh no!!!!!  how?? RT  my school plays at your school tonight! And I won't be there bueno me voy, chau twitter, chau facebook, chau todo
hasta el martes awh  hope it all works out *fingerscrossed* it was good; girls V boys plays ..oh man the guys acted so gay being girls :L I don't see the big deal :') Aw, my 'u' key is dead too! your so mean to me I doe kno wat to do RT  I feel sad. I actuallly do. I LOVE KIRK.  #CBB Yes! So glad someone else is watching this. Actually quite enjoying it! Love Kirk though. :-( x Today is going by so slowly nooooooo. now #CBB will be boring without Kirkozza actualy in so much pain! Golden balls game is such a fix  just lost like loadssss of money! #whatalaugh So upset  went I'm craving cheese fries RT  #liamfollowkissmeliampayne #niallfollowmollierose1D RT PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Worst moodCatlin told me I was his reason for living today. awww. :) He probably said that bc he is going to Bandera today and I cant go  It worked Please don't even complain! :-j I'm so sleepy i could be sleeping right now... don't you dare tell me what happened Ew, parents are eating oysters ....*hug* My ass is staying home today/night. I swear ima die tonight wow you could only vote once   aww hope 1D wins &lt;3 yes &blue cheese I dnt like ranch At the nail shop broke a nail yesterday #gonnacry grey's anatomy, why you do saaad I Miss Him Alreadyy &lt;3 i knowww sameee  my god ! fuckk youu josssh #jeslouss 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11........ 20 Bombs, yet soldiers occupy lagos *smh* talk about misdirection. If not cowardly.. I saw Kay Kay today :)) Idk what happened to Vonte tho RT   &  like to laugh at me in English class. Kirk was lovely  #CBB you're a goon + i wanna see warhorse Very unexpected. I'm sick and it's getting worse!! I barely have the energy to tweet any more I really just want to dance in this snow, but  won't come with me. yeah I wish too Trying to cheer up by reading The Goblet of Fire, first time it has never worked RT  I am actually so shocked that Kirk has gone. No more Kirk & Frankie bromance  #TeamKinky. I hate that I love you nevermind I just saw ur post... So sad  no point in watching bigbrother now  has been voted out!  #wasnotexpectingthat my grandpa is so jjang~ I'll miss him i forgot about my icecream. its all melted now please pass your motivation onto me! RT   I have to giggle or I will bawl. Again..... Still...   Some boxer love just for you  #washcomeback I am in the worst mood everrr! That episode of glee was too much to handle. I hope rachel says yes sorry, i only follow 1D related twitters iwanna muuunch on suuuuum  wahh can imunch on . Awww  that's a lot, it sounds like it's going to be hard RT  I just did the cinnamon challenge  IMMA DIE aww  no one's helping me. *sigh* i need drugs stronger than Vicodin. FUCK MY KNEE. I couldn't get the car anyways that's pretty I have nothing like that  meh I hate life :P I'm gutted!  x Can't seem to shake that image out of my head :-( i guess i need to start packing  #nofun I'm really scared to grow up. Like.. When I live on my own, how am I going to know what do? My parents know all that stuff. I tweet you so muchh and you still dont notice me  I wont give up! You will follow me!
#someday true, true :) I like her, I like the premise, I like the guys, I just am not laughing yet  x Sending my dress back to  , #toobig and I feel bad and she'll hate me  xx i knowww i hate the twins! Frankie and Kirk were my fave two  x isn't it awful  poor little thing Who wants to haNg out out today? Noone on okay Well, the benefit is that Summify is shutting their service off for now. After I have an anger outburst I just get really upset. I'm bipolar, I swear Have yet to eat.. i miss you too!  4th block isnt the same anymore! SOLD! Wat how do you sell a church? :-( Aww no more Romeo, Kirk and Frankie funny times  #CBB i miss workin with  .. i can never find hair pins at work anymore When people text w'out using faces , :)  :l -_- ect.. Mannnn, my stomach hurts.. RT  She still aint put me N' her Bio! : ( RT  This Is Cruel Punishment . . . I MISS MY BAY 
*Until 4eva Is Gone* please talk to me Daniel I love you oh my gosh  that's horrible! SHE HAS TO COME LIVE WITH US!!!!! Really don't feel good at all.  I want to disappear. My ipod died I have not reason to watch #CBB now that  has gone Bummed I have to miss the NAMM show this year Tummy ache  but atleast I'm with  &lt;3 “ Vanessa Paradis Steps Out Sans Johnny Depp Amid Split Rumors   aw no. if the dang thing worked in my browsers, the chat room don't like me in firefox, opera shows no one there I miss my nails! nah I slept enough last night.. An I'm bout to start work babes..  loool I want a top hat  its not meant to be dis emotional why do I always miss ur birthday?  HAPPY BIRTHDAY SWEETIIEEE and sorry for being late, I just read that tweet SORRY :**** RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you I miss Hawaii.  “ Hawaii Volcanoes NP has just joined this feed. Aloha world!” I used to have a picture of them kissing but he erased it Omg!! I love y'all wish I culd go!!!! I am sorry, but I need to leave, to cry my eyes out! I am not getting ANY love & support though nowhere now  but u going out tonight? I think this might be the right thing to do even tho i don't want to do it  #single #ugh i hate cramps It probably was.  With some mutant hybrid if that bird flu and the 1918 pandemic flu. :) can not find my cell phone. someone call it for me ..i'm home alone. thanksssss i heard kirk went how did that happen :/ Read  s interview & all I can say is I wish I was Rihanna #jeloustothemax I went to the most beautiful house today, I nearly cried and didn't want to come home you werent even here today to see  kevin even matched too just everything hurts from my op  work was such a mistake nooooooo totally gutted! Wanted u to win. U deserved to win n reckon its all down to air time viewing on the tv! #gutted I wish I was this tan RT  To everyone who voted kirk out #iHATEyou! I can't tell :-( Fuck!!!!! I just left Hallmark Park.follow me pleaseee  I wish I could be with my lady Spartans right now  hope they do good I now need to get ready cos everyone's coming back to mine after the pub Grrr why did I leave all my West Coast Cooler over in my boyfriends house  want some now! HATE when my stuff breaks  #Mac #blush #palette #franklyscarlet #dirtyplum #makeup #ig #popularpage #Instagram sorry man  don't get me started on #AJ Ex: Wyd ?
Me: Nothing , Wbu ?
Ex: Sad Imu 
Me: Imo :)
Ex: What That Mean ?
Me: I Moved On ! RT  I hate it when actors rehearse scenes next to me in coffee shops. I can never trust that what I'm eavesdropping is real or not woop woop!!! I can't wait!! I wanted it done earlier but the guy was booked :-( lol ohh boo you baxter  leaving us was speaking french with mommy today, i miss canada.  my french was kinda rusttttty doeeee smh Its still only 4 BABY YOU AND I crying myself to sleep tonight :-( noo  i had to like complain, or file some sort of note thingy and i think it takes up to 48 hours :L You say that our dreams are reality, but not proof that ... You know that j'exsite! : ( That's what I have currently.  I make sure my passwords are nonsense too, but hackings are rife I'm funny like that :-( I don't have that near me  actually there is one in Eatontown in the mall keep forgetting that moneys a bit slim and don't think ill make it in may cause of mexico :-( xx Scarlett just growled and I'm scared I'm sure 110% that you NEVER follow me! I need a shnuggle I've totally messed up my left hand  its like bruised, cut and swollen on each finger ☹ cheers that's very kind of you but I really need chocolate now  #neverbeensojealousinmylife Did I mention I'm back to school tomorrow? Bye bye late sleep ins ill miss u I haven't spoken to  all day! Wheres my baby I've already have like 5 controlled assessments :/ They annoy me:/ The day before my birthday:D &lt;3 was gunna ring when i walk home and hear whats wrong with you and how you are because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  13 defo Emma he's too much of a cutie to go Pshhhhh fine  wehhh My shitty car and this snow are keeping me from show hopping tonight. Sorry,    #bummed RT  I have no friends Omg  should not have been evicted  total shock!!! is still not following me I love him  and hmmm or Natalie??? Wat i do?? oh wrd?? ima cum n get my Chinese food n be out then. yuh ant gon see meh kno mo :-( lol I kno how we gonna survive ? Can't  believe kirks out  xxxxxx Hell yeaa' . Without me i don think if we are going.   i didnt ask but thats what im guessing ... Losin your wallet  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Just think #saints only match your going to be winning this season..... #wishfulthinking Best thing about today finding my house keys and my watch the bad things arguing with my friends and family, revision and cramp Aww, why? why did this semester have to end Really just want to crawl up in a ball and cry Really needs to get some sleep, it's been a long week Dammit, gutted I missed American Idol last night :-( I think I'm getting sick  time 4 me to start poppin them pills & drinking that Liquid I need more sleep... 6hrs is no good for me.. RT  RT  RT  I lost my virginity to a teddy bear #confession « WTF LOOOOL &lt;  This is why you shall be forever alone. talk shit...really...  agreed -_- #teamfrankie now , there's no frankie'kirk bromance now  #nochance oh no.... mu iPod wont connect to iTunes  Life = over me too  I wish it was from a bear fight tho'. thats not very nice Oh Shit ....Put Some Make Up On It & Wear A Scarf ... RT   yea, but I got somebody to see this weekend! Where's my brother at?  #staysafebro uggh, don't feel good at all still  what's wrong with me! Dear Thai express why r ur portions so big? You know I'll only finish half omg that's so cool! & no, not yet  you? workkk tonighttt I wish I was there for the Walter Kase speech  #imisswoods bit awk for you seeing kirk's gone now... oops  x it's less letters than vegetarian. should have gone for it. you wasted precious typing time. Need to go to the gym!!! It's like a craving! But no i have 13 hours at work to do instead 431 followers  Hey darlin! I'm really sorry, I can't go tomorrow, I'm working  your best bet would be to text Lydia or Oriel &lt;3 NO WAY Thanks Julia. Head seems set against any public comments RT  I want to know what love feels like kirk u were robbed  ppl obvs thought u where defo saved # nothappy!!! RT  RT  Cosmopolis is losing to THG   *runs to vote for Rob* RT  I hate missing you Sudden massive urge to watch Dirty Dancing. But I'm falling asleep Lol ur right but her Twitter's timed out But next school year is going to be hell   !! I know!! So unfair  xxxx One day...  will respond to me.. #TheBoysWho call you just to tell you how much they miss you Phones gunna die any min  !!!!!!!!!!!! #needcharger because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  12 RT  I'm craving cheese fries I Have A Headache Both speeches are wonderful Watching Cbb I'm so shocked Kirk has been put out :-( I'm hungry as hell now.... : ( think I've just shit myself Putain tu me Manques ... #TweetLove ... I cant retweet you she said been there done that, may do it this year ;P there's no line up yet though  x Want these back! Just finished reading #Oneday. What a good book, great read! Wasn't expecting the sad part tho, no happy ending in that story! :-( #sobsob ahhh thank you starting to think I may have cursed arsenal though  I wrote it a week after she died so it was from the heart x i has pins and needles in my left foot :-( About to go to Cleveland, ugh!My desk looks like hello kitty rainbow rained down on me, but I love kerropi only loool are you telling the truth or lying to me i miss going #ham at #YLclub with you all  rep the #eastwutanggang with pride! #Whatsup mo radde ynzaal !!  lesh haik :S 'Ijust knt do it listen to your heart u just gotta listen to your heart ijust knt do it n its killing me inside come play some online team play thingy &gt;.&gt; Get 10v10 OMG, can't believe  was evicited i'd hang out with you if i could, but i have to go to my dad's I think I may have OD'd on peanut butter M&M's :-( very sorry for your loss. I have lost a couple of dogs over the years and it's heartbreaking. :-( hehehh. Unwound ship them, if they got together. But, I don't think they would Why do I have a headache? HAY  FOLLOW ME give your family a sexy wink, from me.;) aha, I hate that, and everyone stares when you blow yo' nose RT/ follow me please. I love you so so much  &lt;3 RT   Just found out that our live music canceled tonight because of the weather. i was so mad! i was so looking forward to seeing the letters and they were gone when i was there On the bus & I wanna crawl in a hole & cry my butt off ! 

#WorstFridayEver! time to replace wipers too! i wasnt able to see the last few miles of my drive home RT   shouldn't have gone. his beautiful face was why I watched #CBB :-( So jealous. I don't get to choose ANY of my modules. RT  It's crucial to eat the bonus fruit when you're playing Pac-Man... Poor little guy needs fiber or he can't poop  etta james  Definitely one of the best voices has gone... Oh i hope it's not like that  ... that's how I feel about 2012 3 conversations on facebook chat...one of which I really want to have but am too busy for  Grr. A peelu eeu naao vo pooder ir proo show Buua OMG don't get a lie in tomorrow aww why? Please Justin Follow Me I'm waiting for 3 years  . I Love You &lt;3 This isnt fair either.... that's alright &lt;3 didn't see you much today Gutted that  is out Didn't want Kirk to go its really disappointing, and it saddens me alot. I miss the Gs, Ms, and Ds after each tweet. 6days and i'll be in leeds...but just for a few days why you're not online RT  gona miss kirks beautiful face on my screen everynight  #cbb Shocked  was evicted.. Wanted him to win  waaa RT  Swear something went wrong with the evictions, kirk shouldn't of gone bet it looks fab! who done it? same :-( we're having proper mates dates when youre home My mom wont pick me up from work tn   fmlll Lost my glasses   I'm missing #CelebrityBigBrother  fml oxox I forgot to ask if I could borrow your paint brush necklace for this weekend Ah... Eu quero tanto ir pro show do Bruno Mars Ugh RT   Ohh.. Suc6 haha x/ ja dankje haha. Otw sukabumi w/4others 'cause 3others already waiting over there :)))) but 1other not come haha no but i don't want to take a gap yah and have to go through UCAS again  want to spend my life in a cafe in australia! unfollowed me RT  being uncontrollably sensitive sucks. please follow me nobody goes on skype anymore Headaches all day I know haha awwww bless :) seriously so looks like we may be in every day  I hate keele! Xxx i feel like im coming down with a cold The power of internet protesting in numbers of 13 million get SOPA squashed, if only we had those protestors help w/ online poker in US Man....this was a long ass week  how am I gonna do this for the next five months. I just lost all my moneyyyyy :'( I was on 7 questions with a million! On my way to beating my 11 record!  #Millionpounddrop I feel so bad for my baby kitten Henry  he got his precious balls cut off #ouch #nomoremanhood nah man I promised Vianca I'd hang out with her. I haven't seen her Lmao..  Boko Haram home alone, and this is my only meal Stressful timees  Thank god only 50 min left !! You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess
Its a love story baby, just say yes I wish i had a job because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  17 It is, actually, but I have a feeling it will be a super-fast, in/out trip.   I'll keep you posted ... Hulu only has the 90sec preview Tried on these cute ass heels today. Wish I would've bought 'em hope u're feeling better now..mi alrite enuh jus a little stressed RT   nothing chilling sick as fuck  u gud ? RT   i havnt seen yall in 2 weeks I hate this.  I'm going to take a nap and I hope I wake up happy. #upsettweet  ='( Betersgap jorybooh BBB.. ♥ ♥ hoop dt allus gud aflo0ptt..!! ='( ='( ii Wuff yew br0 BBB'... ='(

... #sad/crying face#  ='( ♥ Soewiva ahaha yeaah, but if only RT  roubaram a  do nosso role I LOVE YHU TOO : ( RIP to this beautiful 2month old puppy Meeka &lt;3  #SheWillBeMissed é now whatsapp isn't working is it a crime to ask ur other half why they never put ur pic up on their bbm?? alright  “ How is  feeling? :o” Scottish! theres barely any Scottish #LittleMixers  xxxx I hope you find your cat I needa start drivers ed soon, I'm 16 with no permit  reallllllllllllll cute I havent even got a drink to cry into yet.. Jst wait till i get one its gonna be over flowing with my tears  #dilutedjuice ah i just don't like it when you ignore me  get worried :D BLAHHH!!!  You don't Notice MEE!! Lol pleaseeeeeeeee follow mee!! &lt;3 My head is about to explode. Ouch Why Kirk man  #CBB Soo cold out #fml  - worrrk Liife #sucks -.- missing you! Dead night *yawns* 
Where's my baby? was busy So far 2012 has seen to many People leave this world too soonRT  How Many Times Do I Have To Explain The Same Damn Thing? You Never Listen To Me  #Disappointed RT  Me + mother nature= bitchy :-( she got a donk!!! We need new inside jokes!!!! RT  I hate it when actors rehearse scenes next to me in coffee shops. I can never trust that what I'm eavesdropping is real or not Now that you put it that way.... byebye eye candy from the CBB house RT  Saying what I just said in DM was about as fun as being shot. goodmorning. (:  we d
both have a runny nose Just want to see if I can get farther and try new equipment and abilities and such, and I keep getting stopped from just that moment. :-( so mad the games cancelled I think he ran away. Yeah Razaq keep ur head up God be with." Keep your head up bro. May his soul rip.  I love u!  dm. Your #" done that aboot 3 times haaa, I'll try one more I want Absinthe for Windows now...  please,  ,if i wake up tomorrow you have done the windows gui. i love you dreamteam :) working sunday  this means i cant get that drunk tomorrow night  #canthackworkwithahangover #WithoutWade following me on my birthday it isn't as great! should i bring candles too?? in my head i weigh 74lbs, reality not so much I am so tired... whole day on my feet I didn't wish you a happy birthday, did I? RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you what happened??  I came to the conclusion that I don't want nobody else , not even wahid . I want him & only him , but I fucked that up I keep myself way to busy that I can never finish stuff when I should. because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  22 This my new friend..smh so annoyed that  has gone  hopefully the twins are next to go!! Wish he was still this small love you babygirl. oh It's not good!  Sorry I can't deal with the cold, summer please come already!! aaaaaaaaaah i want a fur tail RT  I am actually so shocked that Kirk has gone. No more Kirk & Frankie bromance  #TeamKinky. follow meeeeeeeeeeee AHHH! omg. ~ i just wish i had the chance to meet him today. their five minuets away from my house... umm.......... im not feelin like doin my hair.. especially if its bouta snow tonight n get it messed up ANYway Ditto  “ Itching to get off work” lol don't lie!!! I've looked hideous for days! Wahhh I feel like my heads going to explode I know  ..imy RT  Haven't seen  in forever! I've ran out of milk  #teaisformugs Broke damn near all of my nails ballin out of control at the fedex store shipping 50million packages...smh #heartbroken :-( Yesss baby!!! Well babysitting! Literally got home and had to go straight back out!  xxx I'm hotttt, but I'm shaking because I'm freezing? #siccck RT  The power of internet protesting in numbers of 13 million get SOPA squashed, if only we had those protestors help w/ online poker in US really? Am so gutted tht  has gone  I dnt understand it ! X Azin seriously:&gt;" Me sef confuse o.  RT  Were d fuck do U̶̲̥̅̊ get dese pix :s Tweet_Babalawo SMH" Nana is in hospital  argh worst shift at work not knowing what's going on. Man on way home now though so she must be alright... Never been so angry in me life. Just want my mam fucksake  #hatethis Nxooh *hug* don wowi, dey awake :)   I only tweet proper when folks are sleeping. this can't be fair" aww  & if i dont have a gameee I'm sad  the only night I have my texts...no one is texting me. wahh i made  a twitter and he never tweets I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 9 I'm so tired and there's soooo much to revise "  please pass your motivation onto me! "  ugh same please!!! llevenme a McDonalds. My battery is deaddd :-( im in pain I feel like I never see  anymore I'm cold awww  im sure you've done better than you think! cant be any worse than my film exam lmao! :L xxx One of the First songs i ever learned to sing as a kid was " At Last " by Etta James.... R.I.P Etta . I knw : ( . it seems like u decide 2 go online when i go sleep  i wish u would notice me so u would know how THANKFUL i am for u. LOVE U Want to eat something but it feels like my teeth will fall out if i do  I see how it is  lol I found that my friends Skype each other and I was like :'( did I lose my invite Max got so over-excited when I came back from market he jumped from window-sill directly, head-first, into the chest beneath. #pugbump yess 100% and kirk got the most cheers and then he goes  x I've completely massacred the baking tin  
I had no baking paper in the house :/  yes so true! I cannot believe Kirk has gone I know  nd kayy What time?! I'm unfortunately in placement so it's hard to listen  But I want to! Hahah good, glad you like! because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  21 Did you forget my name is Oprah, you've forgotten me already Apologies for the privacy policy post :-(   Shouldn't have posted as a post - was meant to be a page. RT     A Kate episode is an episode worth watching :) Wish she had scenes w/ Steffy though KIRK!  loljk, I don't watch that SOO tired.... Hospital testing is wearing me out " Kirk Norcross is the fourth housemate to be evicted from Celebrity Big Brother 2012. #CBB" really needs cwtches of  :-(  #hmph yessss but she not following back hi Gamma its me again I traveled far to try find a dvd of you nobody has how can I get one anyone I haven't seen any Ese Pen drive fue historia Cannae find my cat i know yep, we're still waiting on our hogwarts letters too eeeerrrrrrmmmm is there any other suggestions? I don't like yoghurt :-( only there for the night, soi cant!  xxx what a shock sad your gone  x It sucks anyway  It might be the difference between hearing more of him or not gotta be up at 6  #notimpressed I knoww! I miss my red dragon too Man my heat in my truck ain't very warm today :-( want to see you  what time you arrive in Rio? on which airport you tell me, please. i know aria think you perfect now!sorry you not folowing me Cant believe  has gone :O nooo  but how sweet admiting he's in love :3 Love you Kirk! X I wish I was on that " Mod Mali " track    ,  ,shenekwa  these are going to be the longest 6 months of my life. Iniit am shocked he went not compared too all these pretty, short ass mexicans i'm around all day  oh man! O: Are both your parents tall? No  BUT THANKS SO MUCH :D he will follow meh someday .. shall we try again next friday :P I'd love one rite now yummy I wonder why " When you're hungry as fuck but you don't have time to eat before work" story of my life Paper Cuts: So small, yet so evil. i wanna bhigh af right now ! but ion got no weed Sen onu gec biraz satir atlayalimm "And you know Im (in)  love with you " Omg my face is sooo gross right now well I hope u worked sutin out :D jus sutin out dere tryin put hurdles in da way! Hope u made the 7pm sesh bless #Follow “ Bridesmaids with my favs   can't believe I fell asleep Oh I loved mine I was sexy lol had to take it out when I started wrking in the hospitals tho  & look now every1 is all tattd RIP Kevin... he was such a cool cat. #omgkevin #ilovekevin maybe I'm screwed I wish I could see  tonight  #starlightstarbright RT  I want to do that name definition thingy My baby Ciara is in the hospital again man!  omg I hate this Kirk is a bellend. He got rejected by Georgia so has gone running back to his girlfriend at home. What a poor girl  #cbb Have the hugest crush on kirk right now #whydidheleave it has to of not been there is noooooooo way he got the least votes I MISS YOUR TWEETS TOOOO. Can't Get On As Much Cause My Computer's Having Sexual Relations With A Virus :-( i'm getting bored of it tho  loool might just dye my hair. ahaha #ThingsICantStand when I repeat myself Lmfao RT  Lemme hala at yu RT" I'm sick  RT Zulu: Yup!! RT"Keith_Legend: Everything! :) ... *cries with you* SOPA go fuck urself ok he's actually quite good looking, but he's on cbb and i hate cbb hahahah I miss my boyfriend nope something wrong?  I'm always here for you! Minutes away from getting my IPhone 4s!! My last tweet from my #blackberry   but HELLO IPhone!!! #happytweet omg I'm actually crying RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you plans on drowning me Not having a good Friday at all haha yes! I also enjoy penguins by penguins, and isn't it penguins! haha! How are u love? Saw ur tweet!  xxx RT  im in pain Yeah init, I reckon she'll go soon though. I know!   I reckon Frankie will bum up to Romeo now what, no lmao  smdh i cant qivee u nun then.. well GOOD LUCK "Spending yet another lovely weekend with my amazing boyfriend." I wishhhhhh  missing  already Man I love work love how my friends just forgot about me Ouchhhh Me toooooo!  so badddd “ I just want to see Beauty and the Beast in 3D” RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Lost all my cool points :-( RT   just slipped so hard on some ice because Dominican woman are scissor happy :-( Ugh definitely coming down with something  god sake I was ill over Christmas too, and now is such bad timing! Why does my body hate me? RT  wish i had wifi in my room Dang there would be a Hillsong commercial on klove right after we drop  at the airport! #hmph #ihategoodbyes Big brother is no longer worth watching now your beautiful face isn't on my screen  x whaddupppp ? I miss you ex-bestfriend Missing you so much right now  Guess you had fell asleep just like I did lol &lt;3 Can't wait to talk to you later! our boys gone from big brother RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Well I tried bored in bed now the boyf as feel asleep on me nice one dom  lol good :D yes thanks, just annoyed at big brother my favourite one has gone Photoset: RIP Miss Etta James. You will be missed. I've lost my Odd Bod bunch book and a three-quarters knitted kitten. :-( Need to get an instrumental of  's small bump, cant find a good one I want my boyfriend  here to take care of me. I know I liked him me meh. This tweet just ruined my day. We don't have windows at my Job and I've been here since 6am. You're the bad news bear Etta has full on stopped tweeting me!  lol suchh bad times I want sumthin RT  I wish I could punch some people in the face so fucking bad. IM SICK  and tired... like extremely tired :/ but theres no way im missing #AUSTREAM! #8Mins left :) is it twitter party?? Come on is firday :D say it twitter party RT  everybody in the STUDIO ! why wasnt i invited?  lol &lt;-You can come wit me next time  lol mis lunes no son bonito sin su suerte RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Had a lovely evening! :-) aw, miss how things used to be :-( Tireddd but had lotss of fun tonight. Next week again :) however rehearsals tomorrow morning doesn't really sound very appealing came home tonite hun :) now to start recovrin 
 xx this new update i got on my phone is shite i dont get wifi anywhere now RT   I MISSS YOUUUUUU  come back , en route home frm work. I'm shittin myself  #SaveNicola Thank God 4 Jeezy ..... But even he's loosing it you're doing this after I leave LA? thanks a lot :-( I have terrible cramps - got worse when came home from work  X  would do anything for a tweet or follow from  anything. #iguessitsjustnotmeanttobe RT  Nooo way! Kirkys out  not worth watching now! Yeah, Trig gets stressed, even after one or two fireworks.  Poor guy. No one ever pays me in gum Big Brother's shite without you  #pleasetweetback #myidol #inspiration x x idkkk not feeling it this weekend. tooo cold  omg! :'( that's so so so sad omg :'( &lt;/3 I don't know what to say yes i sounded Iike the typical black chick & d you hear the SOUTHSIDE ! at the end hahahahaha COLD Oh Em Gee, Kirk has gone  get a grip. Go ibiza this year, you'll see him everywhere! #rozzers #joeyessexhaircuts Just got pizza sauce on my sperrys omfg i cant believe it its always our neighborhoods gettn robbed im so sorry to hear dat happens to us all da time  Ahhhh, tell me bout it man  RT  When your clothes don't fit anymore &lt;&lt;&lt;Oh...they will probably become more popular over here then soon...I really want Justin to be the surprise guest aw baby why are you sad? , my phone didnt come today ! aw Canadians dont want chris  #sadtweet Q: why??  A: i dont want to talk about it now ok: RT  I WANT IT TO SNOWWW!!!! I want to be Vanessa Nope. Hello though! RT  Please?  RT Dull_Antsy: Sam likes to troll, I'm not troll-able woman. I want my baby...I miss him  wish my motha wuld come on already RT  Kirk is a bellend. He got rejected by Georgia so has gone running back to his girlfriend at home. What a poor girl  #cbb RT  i jus wanna make up aww that sucks  hope you get it all finished soon! Xxx where have you been? I wish I could help you.  If there's anything that I can do for you, just let me know! i cant . sorry we just have a lot going on cant believe ur out :-( RT   you going to the game without me  omgeeee , im about too die RT  RT this guys. Awww Crying.  tried to watch but it kept pausing, so I gave up   Hope you had a good show though xxx Talking To Twin you followed so many girls 
Why can't you notice me? wrdd  u dont come nd visit anymore!! because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU &lt;3 30 up at 7am on wednesdays!  OK THANKS Saturday if your not busy! And will see ;) Mane I wish I could get down 2  daugh bday party 2morrow. :-(  some1 come pick me up lol haha I missed u too. what happened to my followers?? I love you and I need You RT  I was being nice, not flirting I wouldve but i'm going with sisi Not a HP fan?  I'll get a picture up, two secs you are probably not going to see this  but #neversaynever! can you please follow me? so excited for #BELIEVE ♥. RT  Big brothers a fixxxxx! Broken my heart  I'm at my casa. Work at 5 pm RT  The power of internet protesting in numbers of 13 million get SOPA squashed, if only we had those protestors help w/ online poker in US Aww  Thanks:) Lost so many friendships in this last year  &lt;&lt; Cant wait for the 1D twitcam : ( 😔 it honestly sucks uqh im just in the middle -__- I hate it so much Awwwww lol RT  Awwww I didnt see  today :-( Cool. Next two weeks are a bit rubbish for me tbh. Got some exams.  #TeamPositive though. Still didn't see I know I'm actually gutted aha poor frankie on his own now  aha x That nap was not long enough but if I sleep longer I won't sleep tonight I actually laughed out loud. Lol RT  Who is going to #HousePartyFridays ??? I have NO one to go with  lol Fiiuuhh :|  -____________- RT  Kirk is crying! Sad times I hate waiting, I am a very impatient person..  #superbored - omg , nooow my tummy hurt why you can't go to the lock in?! Bad headache thats not fair :-( R.I.P. Etta James that's crazy hope it isn't true ok. I'm just leaving. We'll tery again. poor baby  nose bleeeeddd :-( me too boo but imma keep you posted on everything on my on my end too! Yea definitely can't wait for that! I couldn't make it  I hope you & the others enjoyed it though Aww my little frankie is gonna be lost without kirk  #kirkozza wished i had an android man.. awww he is crying  x they said on big brother on the side last night he was Favourite to go so I thought he would! Gutted tho it hates you too 800 pictures gone and never to be seen again  sooooo upset my life was on that phone!! I feel like  doesnt love me anymore  *cries a little* wehh im pretty sure my webtexts arent working  Who love me  ? Dis lady hurt my feet wah I wishhh  are you going skiing? I want those cocktails I miss you Wishin I could go see him perform why won't you tell me!? RT  I swear I can't stand you So cold :-( someone come cuddle me and get me warm? thanksss just message me on here then. I'm. Home... Buset dah 2 tempat yakkk blow fish sama venue and tetep. Chivas  RT  Venue! ... Peer pressure  RT   Nah! there's nothing you can tell me mehn. How the hell did you know what Ogidiga is? STILL CANT GET OVER KIRK GOING OUT  he's sucha cutie awhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh #CBB I have no idea lool because people are weird snowed in??! I wish we had snow  it's the end of January and we have NOTHING! I am a shopaholic. #spendtoomuchmoney I fear pistachios are going to start taking over my life NO LITTLE!  so you're going to be on bed rest forevvverrr?! These texts  damn u SNOW DAMNNN YOU!!!!!!!!! Everyone laughs at me even when I try not being funny I know.  I'd be the happiest girl alive. &lt;3 it's almost 6. and im not yet sleepy. RT  Paper Cuts: So small, yet so evil. my 50 followers  lol Nene from rhoa said it on the Dr.drew show the other day so I though id share it! Some jerk at Customer Service said that the Packers are going to let you go... Is this true  #staygreenbay I texttedd youuuu...peakkk u didntt replyyyyy  x x x my doo butt jus left I cant type when im cold NO WAY DID KIRK LEAVE WTF  bye kirk I love you:'( twins+denise+nicola+michael should've gone before kirk honestly thought he would win.. my phone ran out of battery :-( wanted to u hear u finish that song :oMy tooth RT  I hate Fanta beach and I can't find Fanta fruit twist anywhere I wish my  could come to my game tonight :-( RT  Bad headache I want your shirt, but i live in mexico A very sad moment, my new 10 day old laptop harddrive just corrupted taking with it my newly downloaded photos of my sons first xmas to no RP shopping irmão kkkkkkk se nem me avisou antes oh no! I want to bed Kirk lol I liked him  lol xxx How I miss just getting into a cab and going to fix my hair now I gotts do it all buy myself Debating weather to get my hair done today tomorrow or next week?  lol I can't see straight!  stupid eye doctor people.  Of hat dusmuyo  #damn #gohomemeganfox so siccck #wah downing an emergen-c yeah me too  i hate everyone yet it seems everyone is coming richmond -_- -_- -_- Gutted  is out cbb  what a baaabe RT     A Kate episode is an episode worth watching :) Wish she had scenes w/ Steffy though Getting a headache I work leave me  x please say your still doing one less lonely girl on believe tour I never got chance on my world tour Cant believe kirk has gone  #cbb someone do skype or facetime with me, im shitting myself in here alone Feeling quite poorly RT    Mantaaaaaaa te voy a extrañar freaking muchote !!!!! ugh so many assignments to complete for monday  #imfucked I'm Starving ! I Haven't Ate Anything ALL Day. Izit by force" Just say u want:joko: Tiffs" Yes nau " U want? iMILES_:  "michydamsel: Time to steal meat:)" RT  Ex: Wyd ?
Me: Nothing , Wbu ?
Ex: Sad Imu 
Me: Imo :)
Ex: What That Mean ?
Me: I Moved On ! napp was the best , but i had a bad dream : ( No creo que moriré sin facebook, msn y twitter #Mentiraaaa I just had 2 dunkin donuts and I want another :-(  fattweet I can't help having a heart Majel Barret Roddenberry, the First Lady of Star Trek, talks about losing De Kelley... FOLLOW ME  that's the dream of my LIFE! but you say NSN&lt;3 so I just hope that someday come true  TE AMO&lt;3 I'm gonna miss you too!!   What lunch do you have? How come whenever I get rid of something I never use, I more often then not want to use it the very next week. *runs to get coat* if only my mum and dad hadn't decided to go downstairs to the bar! haha yeah i realised it didn't make sense when you said that  :P hehe nope no blonde moments there! As if I'm missing the #lululemonsale RT  i guess i need to start packing  #nofun Chelsea Lately is making fun of Seventeen but its frustrated laughter, don't p me off lol you could play along noooo mike! My friends nearly overtaking me! Nooooo  got evicted from #CBB :-( I'm allergic to pills RT   nooooooooooooooo aww the little video of kirk and frankie  i actually love kirk!!  Right when it was getting so good to. 2 week break :-( Lol semi-grounded  I can only go out once on the weekend now..#goodjoke i miss  &  i haven't hung out with them since summer. #weird Work I want him to come back RT  RT  I miss my mummy!! I forgot what it's like doing fuck all on a Friday Night I know I ain't POP!ular like certain people, and I've lived with that ALL my life... just once want to know that feeling... Capri-Suns are too small. They disappear in seconds RT   Poor said because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU &lt;3 35  RT" But next school year is going to be hell  !!" Why couldn't they 'technically fault' a hit programme and not #Stella?! Every week something's gone dodgy I think u should come back to Bracknell as I didn't get to see u very well last time  u said hi to my mum tho #epicfail Still havent heard anything yet from bay :-( oo they were lovely :) ill see what i can do but i cant promise anything  xx lmao. Did you actually cry that much? Cheer up babs Haven't even watched bb tonight  and I've seen  has gone. Gutted Wish I was going out with  and her precious momma instead of working tonight  #boo im to pregnant to be bent over i think sorry man...they followed me first I swear! I...I had to follow back Sorry for all the spam!  totally not me! jajajaja notelocrees???  ;) Hate being sick been in the hospital since wed. night and I might not be going home till monday no  even though I ought to be...since I live so close. wishing I could go skiing now too. 4 month old baby. Next year. Will someone pleasssssse take me to Panera today? These anti-biotics are making me sick as a dog...think I may be heading for the operation after all somebody anoned me like UNFOLLOWED & unfollowed me ..I was like okay RT  #liamfollowkissmeliampayne #niallfollowmollierose1D RT PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Watching 'We are Marshall'. Geeeez, I already miss football  #senioryearsucks I want my mommy Beyawnce's nappy lacefront makes my skin crawl RT  But Rihanna's nasal singing voice makes my brain hurt. LMAO i luhhhh him so much tho!!! i wish i could bring him to school with me!!! I have a tummy ache obviously not -_-  x “  no I totally agree. Nicola is so fake!” I KNOW HORRID GOAT AHH MY KIRKY 6 years since HSM?!?! Doesn't feel that long!!!  :L RT  Soon We Wont Be Living With Each Other Anymore shouldve known. What do you want, what do you want from me? Needs one more follower ugh say bye bye to my face I waved at  today but he didn't wave back RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you About two hours late, but no. I'm workin'. "   Bestfriend I Wish We Could Takee Picture Together !"!!!!!!!!!! Getting bad news from my doctor..  #ThingsICantStand so.. y wasnt I in it ??? : ( wtf! Old old youtube channel designs will go back to the new design in March. Screencapping for memoriesAlways using me  RT  I heard  is getting those 2 bottles tonight thoo zero bulto Hawww! I haven't forgotten you :O Just been busy with uni  How have you been?! x she only brings her notes, she uses my copy, my homework, my book and then assaults me  #cya uh oh :-( I carried on watching it and suddenly the screen went black then the simpsons came on, will we never see dicks funeral? oh what! i didn't know that. i don't know, man, i've seen so many allergists and nothing ever works  Absolutely gutted kirks been evicted :-( o ma daaaays! I wish I was home, I saw him tweet it earlier but I got home late :-( #couldcryrightnow and I'M SO DAMN JEL RT  No one wished me happy anniversary :-( 
12 years ago today I was released from federal custody :-))) RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you I really want these Tom Ford sunglasses.  ugh I wish I had money Can't believe Kirk's gone!!!!!!!!!  wanted him to win. #cbb holy cow! Kailey, I misssss you soooo much &lt;/3 hope you haven't forgotten about me They sold Paris :o kirk went :o LOL. I was gna watch that tmrw, but SOMEONE just ruined the surprise for me  .... :plol Heartbeat - the fray #nowplaying RT  I want my mommy Yeah  TAKE ME DOOWN LIKE I'M A I feel bad eating goldfish snacks , they have such cute smiles on their faces I feel so bad that I made my mom leave work when it was her last day Last tourism class everrrr  I swear I'm gonna cry cody, your tickets are all sold out in Michigan and now i cant go ima going to cry...i really wanted to go Crying so hard right now, I hope my roommates don't come home.  was right.  I'm ready cry I know, I've heard Full time job, Part time job, Full time student &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; #tired A lot of my favorite people are graduating I'm craving some brown rice & pink salmon Havin My Long Hair Cut Tomoz  Gunna Cry! :'( Live Long Hair! But Needs Cutting WHAT A SHOCKER, i'm actually crying  aaah! ..Can't believe Simon's not gonna be in it anymore.. Gutted. Why can't life be like the movies ? Well this is harder than I expected it to be  but it be worth it! (: ...hopefully! RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Getting out the oreos then realizing there's no milk :-( #worstthing okay RT  I am actually so shocked that Kirk has gone. No more Kirk & Frankie bromance  #TeamKinky. RT   Really though??  u mean! because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU &lt;3 39 Hey guys do you know where is Slovakia ? :) Probably no  It´s a pitty  You have a lot fans here. :) :) ♥ ♥ I love you ♥ ♥ i wissh i had a boyfriennd like channing tatum No Whipppppskiii “ I hate letting people down, but I feel like I'm always doing it no matter what and that's the worst feeling in the world.” don't want you to leave, now theres no eye candy left  xx , I wish I could stay w| youu tooo  ' ain't trynna stay in this house. RT  RT   This is the full sexy!! ;) Hope you guys liked um!!  &gt;&gt; its gone :-( Its almost 6 in the morning!  #wtf i dont get what you said!! i know that feeling very well..! it sucks  x So sleepy.. I have a headache  I dont even know if I wanna come to town LOL my mom always wants new boots. -.-" I really wanna go play in the snow but I already packed, still have work to do, don't have any boots & can't get sick before auditions. so now we got 5 plow trucks clogging up the friggin street...why cant they drive faster O_o the monkeys chasing the character from "Temple Run" are scary lookin....  #GETOUT nope im sure you are drugged for reals? Aww !  do you have any access drink? I could say to party it up the two of us ahahah. Wow plans kinda got ruined for the night! Twins defo should have gone tonight! I love RT   indeed military rule is far better than this administration. Is so sad to hear such things happening in Nigeria. I know  it will be all the older ones going into individual rooms! Aha, I'm going to revise loads, the do rehersals etc! I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 97 She likes food too much  RT  Yep yep RT   RT  #MentionTo your friends who eat five Sat in the library, Twitter is telling me that  has been evicted! #shocked  love you Kirk!!! Don't want shows to end... Only got 4 left Urgh, I think! Gosh I don't know anymore Can't believe I'm saying this but I'm actully starting to like erm I was happy watching Stella......I don't like the simpsons!!!!! :-( have we got to wait til Sunday now??? I hate everything why can't i see my trend topics!!! statue?? what stat....OHHHHHH! megan said she wasn't giving it up  wanna go to a flea market soon? Twitter just completely ruined the #cbb eviction for me :-( What the fuck why has kirk gone RT   I miss u monkey :-( awww baby  i miss you.&lt;3 no kissing... hmm. School sucks, finals finally over! Oh shit ,Kimberly getting her meat wet tonight at 12:00 am I wish still care about me without me  tell everyone i say hii!! RT  RT this guys. Awww Crying. you wont be supportin Ny tho  xx no  I wish though with 3sal too sah You never miss a good thing til its gone WTH  got evicted , surely this isn't right really gutted that im not going BGT this year lng indeed ! Fridays hav been such 4 last 2mnths n wil b da same 4 nxt 2 mnths it luks like :-( hw r u? Wat plans 4 da weeknd? Lol mannn my hair && this weather there's still melba's... and YOU!  RT  Oh no! Now there's absolutely no way to lure my friends to Harlem!  #DinoBBQinBK I wish! I'm at work!  see u out later?! feels liiike I'm in dhiis relationship alone :-( aww  is so cuteee! why is he out  #cbb My teeth hurt. R.I.P Etta James  We're slowly by slowly losing our legends I don't give good directions I dunno  won't be til Feb. Come to aberdeen next weekend to see me and tanya! Oh, I can't more...Please, follow me! I love you! RT crying at the best bits of frank+kirk's bromance, love them so much #ThingsICantStand People who take forever to reply, People who act differently around certain people and having no money A headache  !nóis! Eu sigo o povo mais ngm me segue, sofro bullying ate no twt Girls with pretty eyes are always prettier. Totally wish i had pretty eyes Today's Saturday brought to you by Etta James | At Last - RIP Etta - thanks for the soundtrack  ♫ Vanessa got all these niggaz hurt and depressed out here... Poor Kobe :-( I'm
Off Tomo to was feeling better I thought feel worse now  lol it's UNO whos fault;) Someone needs to fix my internet  I HAVE A BHB MEETING TONIGHT BELL. TURN IT BACK ON PLEASE & THANK YOU. got a massive headache awwwww.  ...i bet itachi would tweet...right millie? xD Can't believe kirks out :-( “ My baby   that was the scariest thing. Love you, rip car&lt;3 yeee I noe unfortunately  its ok why do u think I'm avoiding u so much now ;) slowly un-knowing u LOLLLL when did she find out ? I think I have An Ear infection.  I'm ready to cry! Miss layin my head on your chest listening to your heart beat gosh darn it!!!  i'd like to go to anything that has BTR in it but i can't cause they hardly ever come to Texas. I wish you were here with me right now cause all i need is for you to hug me and tell me everything will be okay I need a new lady's Kirk was my favourite Need more followers so that I can get off of follow limit, and then follow more of you guys! she better be!! but it myt b the twins like :O:S ..will do! frankies gona b lost witout kirk  bawl last game of the season tonight  but im ready to play ! RIP RT  What I would give for some Queenstown right now you're spamming my phone with all these RT's!  x Sum 41 have pulled out of the kerrang tour. I am destined to never see one of my favourite bands :-( work 5 - 10 unfortunately  isn't with us :-( ugh something is breaking out my face no way has  been evicted sorry RT  workworkworkkk #wah #ThingsICantStand Fake people Gutted Kirk gt voted off Really shouldn't have called my tutor on a friday.. i'm so tired, wahh. I'LL KEEP IT AT SHOE THEN. at the #standingcalf alone falem comigo pleaseee Fome fome RT   Could Lila be any cuter?!?!?! She had to go the vet today she was sicky “ Them calls from dad &gt;&gt;&gt;” I'm jealous. I wish I got calls from my dad RT  im over here in tears cus my lil neice made me a birthday card & she not here FairPlay to connacht but toulouse are still in it :) Vc me manda o site onde vc baixou? Vou tentar por lá! RT  Why do people always expect something, why don't I know someone who can just enjoy my company Nevermind  it was just luck.. Haha back to failing just after the intro.. aboustly gutted i lost some of my photos on my iphone Hungry a.f right now in&out would be good Pleaseeee,notice me! My birthday is tomorrow. I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 10 I been back & forth up north...my Gma in the hospital  ill be back dc tomorrow i told him and he is going to town just thinking about it  #PoorCouch I still wanna go out tonight but the snow scared me is she really kiddinq?  &gt;:-O havent talked to #oomf all day wonder whats up wit that?! I am so cold RT  Why is my life so shit and pointless? :-( I found who my true friends are today Feeling lonely tonight  should have stayed at home Why do new flats always give you blisters Oh, God. I don't think I can eat Mexican food anymore. Sad day Kirk has left  not watchin cbb now im so jel of you right now T!  x No o, me too  RT  Am i the only one that have never partied on a Friday night before? ur being mean today lmao omg plzzzzzzzz  where and when Hm , I Wanna See #OOMF But I Won't Let Him Know That Its Raining I'm crazy to see BUT I still cannot download! :-( oh now i'm sad  have fun though ♥ i was quite charmed  hahaha! I didn't see it   I have a game RT  Miss you more! Come sleep over tonight RT " i miss  &  so much  &lt;3" Wanna play soccer but cant hey love.. my apologies.. I actually deleted my tumblr like a long time ago Babe, don't think I'm going to be able to make 2.30 my time as Alex and I are going out just now  sorry! How's tues? My throat and ankle hurt did he I though people would like him  x so Keykey I just talked to Keyla she don't know if she wanna go so Ummm maybe no S.S tomorrow Behind this smile is a bunch if pain , stress & struggle : ( i knoww, got to search for new links now I Dont Think Ima Party Toniet Tho ! Oohh dat hurts RT  so i read going down on a girl can cause u cancer called HPV,my life is f**Ked no honey for this bee anymore  so is it your favorite-soooo few into that ??? SAD my boyfriend doesn't follow me on twitter  oh niall. Ohh  okay I'm sorry wat 'friend' :S n haha as long as ur here now :D it's so dead today, i dont think fridays a gd day for videos :S Can't believe Kirk is out!!!!!! i messed up Almost homeeeee! weather is shite tonight! hope it don't get football called off tomorrow Two days without talking to  , MISSING HER  ♥ RT   whyy uu didnt saveee    ii likee her for youu ? I know I'm late, but Kirk About to leave my wife Happy Birthday Beautiful! I didn't tell you when I saw you today  I hope it's a great one. Love youuu &lt;3 Sorry for being mean :-(      xxxxx love youuuuuuuuneed to start playing again  Smh i broke my nail and its bleeding :-( and it hurt sooo bad o_O now how imma get this fixed ??? yes Chicken noodle soup, crackers & capri sun. Hopefully it'll make me feel better : ( sex is never bad with mollie!  but you're forgetting about my celibacy pledge! your a sellout  RT  #twitterlies RT  bath. then back to BHS "/ me too! It sucks for me tho Damn I should not have eaten In n Out right before the PE final. 
#sick me too  but im goin to college to play so its all good! (: Argh I Hate When My Food Is Messy I feel so bad :/ man it stinks when you hurt someone's feelings and you really didn't me to. RT   LOOOL true, and the flab sticking out Been working since 9 this morning  another 4 hours to go! #whopper Kirk Big Brother Won't Be The Same With Out You  You&Frankie The New Bromance #Team Frirk'♥♥♥ Actually horrific Work 2mrw  :-( RT  Sometimes I want you so bad it hurts  #sadtweet i know! but i was hungry and my train was an hour late  #lastresort it's for a math conference and I'm not invited Haha I told you not to. I wish we could of #balledsohard. will miss you this weekend........no partying  x. X you know who now?? And nope I can't   I have a tourney tonight.. That sad moment when you can never go to any games because you have practice #idoloveyouwhs I wasn't sure if it was ur mom and dad. We mobbed to sharpless too! Man, what's goodie for later? My grandfather died 2 years ago, today... by any chance could you cheer me up with some wise words? i miss you I wonder if TJ feel asleep on me.. he live tooo damn far because I would be with him ALL the time getting on his nerves :-( RT  I wasn't even outside of school for 10 minutes before I got in a ditch!!  luckily for savannas very nice dad to pull me put #gokelsey yeah i know People people people .......hard to understand :-( Bollocks can be handy tho. you still go to school wow xx ! Bet ya populor xx ;) if only you would tweet me xx grrrrr... not doing too well on The Million Pound Drop :-( ... just as well it's the online version xx lol xx Justin bieber plz follow i admire u n ur my idol n all i want is 4 u 2 follow me plz thts all i ask u plz  :) plzplzplz sun roof open!  Wish my pup was here to hang out of it its losing fur already ... so highly dont recommend them I'm Gonna Miss Kirk In The House  #CBB but for rudy to rocket launch me while 'bruk it down' was playing  dear Lord! #ForeverAlone RT   I need a cuddle buddy. i said my boobs Say Goodbye - Chris Brown (lyrics):  via  - OMD exactly how it happened...  &lt;/3 Aw wee kirky  bless him #yourstillmyfav once 'precious' data are erased and replaced by new ones... it hurts.... want to see you   what time you arrive in Rio? on which airport you tell me, please.. RT  Mentions Dead cant believe kirks out home and time to chill now before bed! Big game tomorrow and last game for me for 4 weeks O_O dts so sad  chai RT  RT  Just heard on  that #Eneche was shot because ... Off work and feel like a truck hit me... #sick aw...best Pauly D quotes :) made my day! I miss watching j.shore and teen mom with you Damn I Can't Even Go See My Other Half can the final be at the stoop if we qualified for it?  Seems strange.  Gutted for the boys :-( need somebody to talk to and hug maaan smfh  i feel so fckin overwhelmed it ridiculous ! #shocked  gone, gonna miss his &  bromance!  get  out next, little beady eyed rat! Do I Reaaaaaallllly wanna go shopping  I hate workin by the mall especially on days like this (pay day) RT  I don't know what I will do without my puppy in college...  #puppylove #cuddlebuddy oh well. My buddy is gone.  I miss him alreadyy. yea I tried to play around with the settings but it still makes a sound.. I'm so glad i left when i was irritated i feel so much better, and my tummy is full the only bad part is that i am not smacked Pray for Kano  'Dear Lord Grant Us Peace in Nigeria ' AMEN!!!! RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Please tell me Kirk hasn't been evicted?! I will cry he wants to establish a global fan base  xx Have no energy to watch Easy A anymore White dress with black underwear #bigtimefail awwww that's so sad  BUT YES! definitely! I wonder where there are some tomorrow... soooooooooo annoyin  You gnee make it cousin Brahh at txt meh tho folk RT   lmao  smdh i cant qivee u nun then.. well GOOD LUCK babyyyy i feel so lonely! hahaha Cranky old people are mean Gutted  has gone  love him LOTS!! their meat just falls right off the bone.... and now im hungry :-( ps3. Either way I'm excited :) when's the release date? I'm an avid gamer but lately I been busy There's no way in hell that I'm ever getting into this school.....  #dissapointed #feelingstupid ahhh im sorry  i meant to reply with i follow your blog on my private blog awww :3 Can't believe  is sitting talking to  such a genuine bloke #cbb #gutted mann i really wanna play temple run, i think im finally over my angry birds What am I supposed to do between 9 and 10 damn that's some shit  when that happen? :/ I am  only for a couple months and then I'll be back in da summer! We are def going to hangout when I come back brookey c: you went without me? I feel like shit!!! Its friday and no one is texting me!!! just watching tv!!! I am sooo tired  should get an early night tbh! X Argh whole body's achingggggg I don't wanna ride to rena party by myself I'm not ugly. RT  Ik mis shin chan ugh i bet you do  that shit is craayyy. they took ur clothes too? Dang Same Hermana  I Blame Sean though Someone already did they said they didnt understand y my grades were so hight but my test score were so low. so they almost didnt let me in. nóis! Eu sigo o povo mais ngm me segue, sofro bullying ate no twtLOOOOL cus i thought you guys were playing a trick on me saying you cant make it!! So annoying when you can see the sheep mug but can't reach it! Didn't taste the same RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Kelby Clements is the realist man alive. He needs his fucking twitter back. I'm bored...  SHARKKKYY!!!!! My chest is killing me no way has kirk gone! you plan you're break without me  you leave me here alone  I legally am not allowed to miss any school  stupid court order Boooooo no bueno :-( RT  my boyfriend doesn't follow me on twitter  oh niall. I'm sorry. Its sucks. :-( aww  ima text you to talk about tomorroww ina minute . bromance over. RT  New FA Respect Video!  &lt;&lt; Link doesn't work, Sarah! :-( My iPhone is fucked  the button doesn't work! And the music won't play ! :,( can't text for the rest of the month  #donttextme I knw I have been revising so much psychology I have pushed drama aside and that exam is on Monday hey i love you  Selena Helps the World Really want Aberdeen and Dundee to reply to my uni application It's 12:00 am.. Wow.. :) tiered sorry  I won't watch your #AUSTREAM .. I wanto but it's so late..  Just wanna say I love You! It's Snowing AGAIN    I got to get out there!  As many Teenagers that r out there that need WORK/$! I use to Knock on doors & Ask Ahhhhhh unlucky quinns  must've been so frustrating :/ Don't say that i just voted! i'm actually upset that i'm missing 'super sunday' Uggs in snow .. Not bright -- I have wet feet follow me, I dont want, I need you to follow me  wait for it! #BELIEVE i love you!8 hahahahahaha awwwww oxiiiiiiiiiiiii  8a pe8anwwwww He'll attack some poor young one and it will end up all over the papers whoa! Tht doesn't sound too far away. And ohh no  you need to catchup! Im so excited for tonight :) so very sad. alexxxxx ima miss u babyyy!!!!! :'( come to steph house tmw plpszzz I wana see u b4 u leave me for odd long Oh, I will miss franki and kirks bromance  dammmn! #cbb i lost my earings Lmao umm unfortunately not :-( my dads been in the hospital because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ 42 Dear Nigeria, I love u with my heart bt I can't help bt give up on you.... I'm sorry My teeth hurts my tummy hurt wish I could come  I live too far away! x x sooo hot in fiji today i wish you could be here this weekend to commm fome I wish I could My mom is tryna send me to dr to move :-( youuuuuuuu crazzzzy juana Diosss! Que dificil esss!!! I need strength!!!!  &lt;/3 I missed that one  I only saw when The Tibbles called her Dennis " DW hitting her Cat Daddy while sanging bout Africa. #Arthur My poor mommy is soooo sick still 21 people incl. 12 Germans still missing after ship accident #CostaConcordia RIP Etta Jones  her music was in so many bboy mixtapes and all of them were classics. Wish I hadn't watched High School Musical 3 now i cant  WE CAN LEARN TOGETHERRRRR i feel so sorry for you  hope your mum does let you go :/ &lt;3 i know It wont let me DM you bc you're not a follower of mine   Following us b/c you're interested in  us I miss my old tanning salon  #boohoo I don't know  Maybe it's to do with postage or copyright? Im in on a friday night and am a hermit..that is all Y U NO AGREED WITH ME ? :-( How could you ... haha :') 454 followers help me get to 500 please internet people didn't come today   on the phone with these bitches. gah I hate when he like this lol... yes yu!! raised eyebrow#.. am dying here... i cnt still find d stuff,dats y am awake... I wish my back didn't hurt fuck it !..so, this is how it feels.. Boo, that's no fun! please FB???? dang i missed my 12K tweet by 3 I moved from Kentucky to Indiana and had to take the test. Not fun :-(  Guess Indiana State is where it's at for me the next 4 years of my life. #disappointed RT  i think im the only one not going to the brad paisley concert. I miss summer oh so much I'm crying inside because of my hair I miss you the power nap has sorted me right out!! Tho it still hurts!! Sweating so bad, this heat is intense Just realized my knee is swollen its so f'ing true doe man. see it every 5 mins :-( sucks !!! really snow?  I was just about to get some stuff done. Ms. Mia had to have surgery last week   #vizsla First confirmation class tomorrow, have to wake up early I didn't want  kirk_official to leave :-( waaahhhhhh #bbuk - wow girl that truth is hitting home right now Ears are cold RT  Miss junior already follow me, I dont want, I need you to follow me  wait for it! #BELIEVE i love you!7 My stomach hurts  Loool, I'm not very good at acting  I think she may have forgotten about it though :D she so mean to me My phone is dying slowly I fucking hate this snow. if you don't come next weekend I'll drive out there and stay w you for the weekendI know! :-( hahaa, hey Jack ;D Then people broke the news and told me PCA isn't real. nem vai ver mais gii, to em londrina I really don't want to go to the mic night alone. Fancy a cuppa tea but cbf to make one :-( I hate it when contestants lose all their money on gameshows I know  have you been watching the new new ones online? #Ikr  "  Damn Thts Messed Up" Most likely on crutches for space camp, unless a miracle happens Ouch, not good Wish you were here ya ik it will be awhile too awww RT  Who she sent this to?? bored, someone text me  #teamfollowback #ifollowback #instantfollowback I know...but it started to break : ( Its not going to be the same now Kirks gone... Bloody Friday telly has been destroyed!  #stella someone hit my eva on 287  now i need a new fender, rim and possible front bumper. dumb bitch trying to cut me off.. depende de ti sweet how was it? I'm working Damn man I turned to Boyz N The Hood at the LAST 5 MINUTES :-( #FML I want shake shack  neva had it! #Salao RT  Shake Shack burger with vanilla shake... RT  Pizza and a coffee ... Just how I roll after a tough and upsetting week RT  how come no one followed ---&gt; #sojealous miss you too oh One of my customers just told me that they have courtside seats to the Lakers @ Orlando game tonight Visiting  has been a bad idea. I'm staring at a Snacker since bout 5 minutes. I can't have it. That's horrible. You are too !! And a head rub I'm very very very very jel  wahhhh xxxxxxxxxx :O my cup cannot give carbs and cals  I've lost 5 pounds this week !! hi perfect Why do women think they can undermine me? whyyy didn't you get tickets? im so so thick.... night  :O what happened buddy? dang it! You beat my score!  time to beat yours! Can't find tweezers to do my eyebrows i need to get my nails done 💅 I don't pay attention to YOU omg wot r u ppl thinkin votin kirk out  he's fuckin awsum!!!! i love kirk  Yeah inshaAllah it will work out for him, i hope it does :D I'm good mate, we need to go cinema! I haven't been in ages #Cold. I want #oomf to come to G.R This "In My Africa" song is BAWS!!! RT  I missed that one  I only saw when The Ti              (cont) Ughh  #fml meant If only he wasn't taken My lab Rufus died when I was 6 months pregnant just after I split up with my ex . .  was just devastated. LOOOOOOL. that was probably the most monotone out-loud reading i have done in english. "you fuck you fucking fuck"  fail. I really didn't want Kirk to go :-( #CBB I know  haha. In about 100 layers again! I want Kirk to go back in :-( On a 10 day stretch and my next day off (Monday) is the day I start the spring semester awe!! Why do you need a shock collar? I wish we'd get some f'ing snow here I want some new black flat boots!!! #poopie Marry Me?? BIig Brother IS Now Not Worth Watchiin  ILoveYouKiirk &lt;3 I seriously would, but I have school I miss her so much Omfggg I think I lost my keys fuckkkkkk RT  Praying that  makes it back okay  xoxo I wanna go to #Hypefestation but im stuck baby sitting can't believe my kirkey has gone i hope this is the 24 hour flu.better yet i hope its the 2 hour flu. 
 sleepingthisoff. I can only go on when I come dans so really night time I come on oi quality street was class!lmao I'm watching harry potter so its difficult  hahahaha Haha n'aww he'll get sad Its even worse when everyone acts like nothing happened. :-( i wish!!! Mama K said i'm not allowed to come home  lol RT  I want to tlk to my boyfriend  but hes m.I.a LOL NOOOPE. I have to babysit I never saw her last week. I was very sad.  hopefully tomorrow she'll brighten up my day! :D :P subway are in the process of developing an app also and want to hear my ideas, ha I'll bet they do, not looking good I need a theme website I just can't afford one RT  on call w the stupid flip phone tonight  #ultrasadface just got in from town :) couldn't get hold of any alcohol  any room left for SND ? :) want this so bad i dunno. Twin2 thought it was female accomodation upstairs. You not here yet?! Check out  score and weep. 15 Billion. And that's not a joke! RT   So apparently twitter finds it funny to unfollow people without me telling it to do so... you were one of them  x You wanna see my boobs? RT  This snow is making me depressed. :-( Missed my long hair RT  FACK...there's a  show tonight. Wish I could go. Can't believe Kirk as been evicted :-( #CBB You're not coming?  RT  =( RT  #75North!!!!! i have mcccdicks coupons, now someone come take me Shouldn't have looked on twitter before watchin #CBB  now I know who's gone!! Aarrgghh I am not a sweetheart. I far from that after this week. I miss you too Doodie and I miss my boo. Nobody is in town. I'm bored I don't know what that means ohhh chick! Well me and waz were guna do something I think if you wana join babes? Ohhh babes  they need washberryssss xxxxx Bye Kirk I'm gonna miss seeing you on #CBB Trying to fix a stapler just stapled my thumbs together, the staple went all the way in now I have two bleeding thumbs The only thing I miss about canyon is telling   how bad she is everyday wa a aI want to go home who is gonna be my titty pong partner tonight at kylas going away party? RT  The Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless but I'm gonna miss Justin singing some of the songs from My World 2.0. I know! :-( hahaa, hey Jack ;D Then people broke the news and told me PCA isn't real. nem vai ver mais gii, to em londrina I really don't want to go to the mic night alone. Fancy a cuppa tea but cbf to make one :-( I hate it when contestants lose all their money on gameshows I know  have you been watching the new new ones online? #Ikr  "  Damn Thts Messed Up" Most likely on crutches for space camp, unless a miracle happens Ouch, not good Wish you were here ya ik it will be awhile too awww RT  Who she sent this to?? bored, someone text me  #teamfollowback #ifollowback #instantfollowback I know...but it started to break : ( Its not going to be the same now Kirks gone... Bloody Friday telly has been destroyed!  #stella someone hit my eva on 287  now i need a new fender, rim and possible front bumper. dumb bitch trying to cut me off.. depende de ti sweet how was it? I'm working Damn man I turned to Boyz N The Hood at the LAST 5 MINUTES :-( #FML I want shake shack  neva had it! #Salao RT  Shake Shack burger with vanilla shake... RT  Pizza and a coffee ... Just how I roll after a tough and upsetting week RT  how come no one followed ---&gt; #sojealous miss you too oh One of my customers just told me that they have courtside seats to the Lakers @ Orlando game tonight You are too !! And a head rub I'm very very very very jel  wahhhh xxxxxxxxxx :O my cup cannot give carbs and cals  I've lost 5 pounds this week !! hi perfect Why do women think they can undermine me? whyyy didn't you get tickets? im so so thick.... night  :O what happened buddy? dang it! You beat my score!  time to beat yours! Can't find tweezers to do my eyebrows i need to get my nails done 💅 I don't pay attention to YOU omg wot r u ppl thinkin votin kirk out  he's fuckin awsum!!!! i love kirk  Yeah inshaAllah it will work out for him, i hope it does :D I'm good mate, we need to go cinema! I haven't been in ages #Cold. I want #oomf to come to G.R This "In My Africa" song is BAWS!!! RT  I missed that one  I only saw when The Ti              (cont) Ughh  #fml meant If only he wasn't taken My lab Rufus died when I was 6 months pregnant just after I split up with my ex . .  was just devastated. LOOOOOOL. that was probably the most monotone out-loud reading i have done in english. "you fuck you fucking fuck"  fail. I really didn't want Kirk to go :-( #CBB I know  haha. In about 100 layers again! I want Kirk to go back in :-( On a 10 day stretch and my next day off (Monday) is the day I start the spring semester awe!! Why do you need a shock collar? I wish we'd get some f'ing snow here I want some new black flat boots!!! #poopie Marry Me?? BIig Brother IS Now Not Worth Watchiin  ILoveYouKiirk &lt;3 I seriously would, but I have school I miss her so much Omfggg I think I lost my keys fuckkkkkk RT  Praying that  makes it back okay  xoxo I wanna go to #Hypefestation but im stuck baby sitting can't believe my kirkey has gone i hope this is the 24 hour flu.better yet i hope its the 2 hour flu. 
 sleepingthisoff. I can only go on when I come dans so really night time I come on oi quality street was class!lmao I'm watching harry potter so its difficult  hahahaha Haha n'aww he'll get sad Its even worse when everyone acts like nothing happened. :-( i wish!!! Mama K said i'm not allowed to come home  lol RT  I want to tlk to my boyfriend  but hes m.I.a LOL NOOOPE. I have to babysit I never saw her last week. I was very sad.  hopefully tomorrow she'll brighten up my day! :D :P subway are in the process of developing an app also and want to hear my ideas, ha I'll bet they do, not looking good I need a theme website I just can't afford one RT  on call w the stupid flip phone tonight  #ultrasadface just got in from town :) couldn't get hold of any alcohol  any room left for SND ? :) want this so bad i dunno. Twin2 thought it was female accomodation upstairs. You not here yet?! Check out  score and weep. 15 Billion. And that's not a joke! RT   So apparently twitter finds it funny to unfollow people without me telling it to do so... you were one of them  x You wanna see my boobs? RT  This snow is making me depressed. :-( Missed my long hair RT  FACK...there's a  show tonight. Wish I could go. Can't believe Kirk as been evicted :-( #CBB You're not coming?  RT  =( RT  #75North!!!!! i have mcccdicks coupons, now someone come take me Shouldn't have looked on twitter before watchin #CBB  now I know who's gone!! Aarrgghh I am not a sweetheart. I far from that after this week. I miss you too Doodie and I miss my boo. Nobody is in town. I'm bored I don't know what that means ohhh chick! Well me and waz were guna do something I think if you wana join babes? Ohhh babes  they need washberryssss xxxxx Bye Kirk I'm gonna miss seeing you on #CBBcanny believe you're thinking about leaving! RT  omg kirk has gone!  #nothappy  #cbb lol I know you were punk! Hey can you add me? My facebook got blocked from request  Annoying facebook. I'm fine till i talk to you. I wanna see my boy ai porque eu te amo tanto   #POPLineDAYOFF THEY DON'T SELL IT in New York  didn't you read? I haven't eaten it in over 10 years! but its hard Our plan never worked out :-( no
what about Nathan we're getting married. what about Travis, Chris, Get me out of here. I'm not stop begging for it. Please I'm playing through Pikmin 2 too fast. he's a fool to himself I think ! Have u anything nice planned 4 weekend ? wud luv a goodnight out, but me & every1 I know broke i know man Watching the Frank Drebin movies hahahahaha /The Naked Gun/ Great idea to forget what happened with Rubens I feel so unloved my phone hasn't rung since yesterday my sister says it snowed?!? i missed it says dreams come true... Well mine isn't still 3years and still no follow, repost or reply  dreams can be crushed Thats awful  RT    Larry said that there isn't gonna be a 5th single nah in cast till 28th feb  gutted tho agree jade. feeling poo tonight  xxx Lost 2-0 to Blarney in Cup tonight whenever I see an ambulance going it always makes me sad Headache Valentine's Day is our 2yr Anniversary and my gf's B-day is 4 days later...can we say I am about to be #broke To triste Awh.  *pats* i said kidding, chillll Also when is #geordieShore back? Have I missed it? :-( Why you say that? :-( so the days till beta are winding down...i'm not ready, but i am. Nothinn ta do that's sickening. Haha :/ 
Ok I've only had one but got another on Monday.  I'm actually going to fail it. Lol I have to pee so bad RT  Don't get me wrong, I want 1D to be successful and stuff, but I don't want them to get big.... idk it's just, i don't want more fans I think  is mad at me!!! :-( How's my sister going to see asap rocky + kendrick at a drake concert n she don't even know who they are  jel My eyes hurt  I'm bouta take a nap. So much pain Damon's dog leaves tomorrow  nooo #sad I'm still fucking awake at this time My face hurts indeed! This week has seen a lot of sad news worldwide aswell Absolutley gutted my plans are wrecked till am better   fucking bitch :@  love you loads babs fine then don't talk to me .................................... is a bully ! She broke my hand  lol lmaoo why you break it down like that :-( it does sound dumb lol because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ 50 I Got Homework On The Weekend my breast hurt they've just come back from a break!! Jeeeez! Why is he going?  booo im hungry but its too cold to be outside think ill just starve or drink protein... Can't Believe #sum41 have pulled out of the Kerrang Tour :-(

#ScreamingBloodyMurder the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  105 won't be seeing your beautiful anymore RT    NO I think I  miss you guys the most eve... Tell me whats wrong, well, only if you want to... Still expecting it to be 'Big Brother house this is Devina' But its not!  #cbb i really miss you RT   I see you're following EVERYONE but ME RT   aww  & if i dont have a gameee i willlll . :) i miss your momma cook toooo ! waaaah. 'yay your home 4the weekend, let's go somewhere' 'I'm always away, I just want to stay home!' :-( downside of a #pilotman “  was  a bobble head?” - really? I never got one i know, but the weekend starts now so thats somewhat good, even though Saturdays going to be rubbish this hole in my sock  &lt;&lt; my earrings are so heavy  #ouch #theyresocute #worthit YES  today! ma3ad bashofah r.i.p ricky... he was gonna be something I need a new shoe rack. It's about to break my door. biology with a 67 ! Michigan in the U.S. it's pretty cold here okay i hate complete show off's !!!! im mega jealous  onyl hot drink im having it frigging lemsips  x #stella #sky1 but i won't be around tomorrow at 9pm RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" I really wish I was the year below Crumbs in the bed you nooo love me  haha jk atleast you got sleep you need it . I wonder if   turned my homework in yesterday Many peoples tell me that you do not care with me.. Is true? That's make me so sad this ass bag left me a terrible review on itunes awwww, that's good :') I had a bad week... Thursday and today was really upsetting...  hope my weekend is better though!! xo Ordering these books  :'( :/ maybe next time :-( xx I'm very upset that I can't grow a mustache right now... I am so sad  went out of big brother RT  After I have an anger outburst I just get really upset. I'm bipolar, I swear oh shannon!! There was so much left over as well RT  awwwwwww, you left too soon  / :-( indeed waaah why did I just check my timeline when I havent watched big brother yet get one, they are so comfy! #goodinvestment ;) ps. i miss youu It's not a definite, but....I have my fingers crossed. Avon Lake offers little in the way of community for a non-driver Completely flopped booo , i miss you soo muchh  lunch isn't the same without you !canny believe you're thinking about leaving! getting old really is depressing isn't it. Booooo RT  omg kirk has gone!  #nothappy  #cbb lol I know you were punk! Hey can you add me? My facebook got blocked from request  Annoying facebook. I'm fine till i talk to you. I wanna see my boy ai porque eu te amo tanto   #POPLineDAYOFF THEY DON'T SELL IT in New York  didn't you read? I haven't eaten it in over 10 years! but its hard Our plan never worked out :-( no
what about Nathan we're getting married. what about Travis, Chris, Get me out of here. I'm not stop begging for it. Please I'm playing through Pikmin 2 too fast. he's a fool to himself I think ! Have u anything nice planned 4 weekend ? wud luv a goodnight out, but me & every1 I know broke u r,a big 1 sef I'm not joor  RT  troublemaker  Bye :D RT  hello :D i know man Watching the Frank Drebin movies hahahahaha /The Naked Gun/ Great idea to forget what happened with Rubens I feel so unloved my phone hasn't rung since yesterday my sister says it snowed?!? i missed it says dreams come true... Well mine isn't still 3years and still no follow, repost or reply  dreams can be crushed Thats awful  RT    Larry said that there isn't gonna be a 5th single nah in cast till 28th feb  gutted tho agree jade. feeling poo tonight  xxx I hate that leaving the Philippines feeling too 😢 RT  Omw to the airport Lost 2-0 to Blarney in Cup tonight whenever I see an ambulance going it always makes me sad Headache Valentine's Day is our 2yr Anniversary and my gf's B-day is 4 days later...can we say I am about to be #broke To triste Awh.  *pats* i said kidding, chillll Also when is #geordieShore back? Have I missed it? :-( Why you say that? :-( so the days till beta are winding down...i'm not ready, but i am. Nothinn ta do that's sickening. Haha :/ 
Ok I've only had one but got another on Monday.  I'm actually going to fail it. Lol I have to pee so bad I think  is mad at me!!! :-( How's my sister going to see asap rocky + kendrick at a drake concert n she don't even know who they are  jel My eyes hurt  I'm bouta take a nap. So much pain Damon's dog leaves tomorrow  nooo #sad I'm still fucking awake at this time My face hurts indeed! This week has seen a lot of sad news worldwide aswell Absolutley gutted my plans are wrecked till am better   fucking bitch :@  love you loads babs fine then don't talk to me .................................... is a bully ! She broke my hand  lol lmaoo why you break it down like that :-( it does sound dumb lol because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ 50 I Got Homework On The Weekend my breast hurt they've just come back from a break!! Jeeeez! Why is he going?  booo im hungry but its too cold to be outside think ill just starve or drink protein... Can't Believe #sum41 have pulled out of the Kerrang Tour :-(

#ScreamingBloodyMurder the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  105 won't be seeing your beautiful anymore RT    NO I think I  miss you guys the most eve... Tell me whats wrong, well, only if you want to... Still expecting it to be 'Big Brother house this is Devina' But its not!  #cbb i really miss you RT   I see you're following EVERYONE but ME RT   aww  & if i dont have a gameee i willlll . :) i miss your momma cook toooo ! waaaah. 'yay your home 4the weekend, let's go somewhere' 'I'm always away, I just want to stay home!' :-( downside of a #pilotman “  was  a bobble head?” - really? I never got one i know, but the weekend starts now so thats somewhat good, even though Saturdays going to be rubbish this hole in my sock  &lt;&lt; my earrings are so heavy  #ouch #theyresocute #worthit YES  today! ma3ad bashofah r.i.p ricky... he was gonna be something I need a new shoe rack. It's about to break my door. biology with a 67 ! Michigan in the U.S. it's pretty cold here okay i hate complete show off's !!!! im mega jealous  onyl hot drink im having it frigging lemsips  x #stella #sky1 but i won't be around tomorrow at 9pm RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" I really wish I was the year below Crumbs in the bed you nooo love me  haha jk atleast you got sleep you need it . I wonder if   turned my homework in yesterday Many peoples tell me that you do not care with me.. Is true? That's make me so sad this ass bag left me a terrible review on itunes awwww, that's good :') I had a bad week... Thursday and today was really upsetting...  hope my weekend is better though!! xo Ordering these books  :'( :/ maybe next time :-( xx I'm very upset that I can't grow a mustache right now... I am so sad  went out of big brother RT  After I have an anger outburst I just get really upset. I'm bipolar, I swear oh shannon!! There was so much left over as well RT  awwwwwww, you left too soon  / :-( indeed waaah why did I just check my timeline when I havent watched big brother yet get one, they are so comfy! #goodinvestment ;) ps. i miss youu It's not a definite, but....I have my fingers crossed. Avon Lake offers little in the way of community for a non-driver Completely flopped booo , i miss you soo muchh  lunch isn't the same without you !I used to think I was cool for following you, but then I noticed I was just an idiot RT  Picnik is closing on Apr.19th. Until then, u can use Premium features at no charge.  &lt; How sad I have no excuse I just have a boring life at the mo haha. Indeed working there 2mrw  u back at uni? x Agh I have to be back at school around 3. I don't wanna leave my bed. RT  Hi Hi Slovers  I am sorry last night I didn't update  tweet!I am so sorry, forgive me guys :).Goood moooooorning *cheers  I love that game! But network is always so bad @ my end  RT  Wordosaur has taken me off twitter! yaaay! :) he's a beaut haha! I loved Howson, but now he's gone  xx Me too! I wanna see him Thanks RT  Sori hun!RT  Wish u cld tho  RT  Sori..lemme help u out!RT  Ve bn tryn to pack ... http:/ I'm soooo fuckin over this mytouch 4g. I want a new phone...  *pokes out bottom lip #ItAnnoysMeWhen i yell for my mom and she doesnt answer Really going to miss kirk I have trypophobia Ooh U make ishy mpo  RT   I shock 4 u waaa My thumb hurts... RT  Where are  d fagile ego subsidy evangelists? whr is the president? Who is in charge of this ...  Ohmyygooooodness. I miss you so muchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ah aaskaskghlskafjksf :-( #Stella will be on Sat at 9pm on Sky1 instead due to a tech fault tonight :-( I am at work so will have to wait till Sun to see it *sob* should not have left #CBB  Get the twins out #boring I really miss Harry's tweets waiting for a follow friday I'm seriously stressing about my turn around time tomorrow evening. Maximum 40 minutes is tight, even for me : ( Not for me, for you! #stella , oh my god sky have ruined my friday night now my saturdays veiwing needs a total reshuffle and me  tent pals for life At home sick Can't believe  has gone :-( nooo freakin jealousss!!! I hate that i cant go this year I've tried asking him but he won't reply neither will ed Sheeran :-(  *whispers* Can I catch up wiv you tomorrow Barnabas? I gotta go bed now :-( Yay weekend. What a day I have sooooo much to do today to prepare for this meet Hurtful text message Feelin very dizzy & light headed I miss Jake  come back to twitter PWEASEEEEE #fansruineverything crap mood I hope you get better soon grandpa  &lt;3 R.I.P Megaupload I have a funeral tomorrow I ate all of my raisinets ihaven't got one yet :-( this convincing looks like its gonna take a while  I wish I had long hair  #GROWplease I can't wait for my hair to reach the middle of my back.  Wow she literally passed out...I'm here chilling alone Omg and more bad news..well this is NOTHIN compared 2 ETTA...I have 2 WAIT TIL FEB8th TIL I GET THE NEXT REVENGE  haha well he is from Essex, unfortunately they are only across the water from me RT  The twins are bloody hilarious! Why does everyone want them out?  #cbb just going  speak tomorrow,night ,hugss &lt;3 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx can't wait til monday  to watch the next scene  ugh.! This snow is so gorgeous, I just wanna go snowboarding! I miss tahoe man RT  My I-Pod Is Finna Die& iDont Got My Charger  #SadTweet what was it ?  only up to the one after the car crash his gfriend : ( lol  #pornstar :'( RT  She likes food too much  RT  Yep yep RT   RT  #MentionTo your friends I think we've rather missed the boat... It ends on feb 15th :-( because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me  59 Was defeated by cosmos 2day! should have came you shud feel so honnered to have that! I no we havnt spooned inawhile..toooo dam long!! I want anything with Demi on it. I have many posters and stuff for Miley but i got nothing for Demi 1864 there's one on eBridge honey  xx I guess I can let you for awhile them mfckass probably all gone anyway . U hate me Why am i not in a too gd mood..... oh no i never seen that  im sorry but mint condition is performin and my god sister is in a group opening up for them RT  That depressing moment when you find out Carrie Underwood wasn't actually at the concert.  #devestated I wanna lay with my girlfriend ONLY IF ....... eurghhhh jel :-( can't wait leave me! but then everyone says they miss it when they leave, and im like how can you! &lt;3&lt;3 bored wish i had my car please don't, I don't want to return my phone :-( uh-oh RT  I'd rather have a loyal lover than 75 mill. Sorry Vanessa, money ain't gonna buy your kids an honest daddy need to get buses to and from town tomorrow but i can't find the timetables, ahhh I don't think so? My mama leaving me  :) My girlfriends casually sleeping on my arm and It's dead  she's too cute to wake up :'( “  My bestfriend , Being SOOOOmean to me  He cut off *Scissors”lmaooooo why couldnt you come to nandos  and check dm in 2 mins! how was school? xxxxxxxx did u get ur phone yet? I need to talk to you tonight is SO not a good night RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you Stop throwing that shit in my face like i'm dumb or sum shit. I'm well aware of wassup you just need to make that move..... rainnn please stop i don't want to cancel the outing not happy with   !  haha imy murry!! A Libyan Baby hospitalised in Greece is the first victim of the H1N1 Flue Kind of a gross day for exploring in South Carolina Haateeee questioning the decisions I made especially if its concerning friendships I had to end What time is the next big brother :o I can't see it because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me  58why isn't  answering her phone Just getting into #Stella who remembers things going wrong like this??!! I remember Power Cuts!! :-( I know sad times  guess what I might be ordering in a min x is located my husband  just that he doesn't know we're married :P I always think it's going to be "Big Brother house, this is Davina" I already know the answer :-( I feel awful for hanging up on my nanny she was upset :'( and she was guns get me a top up ima say sorry when she gets back  #downer Awwwh Kirky  you've completely gone up in my estimations. Gorgeous blue eyed boy! I've got tiny tears :-( who wants to go eat with me.. #Starving Awww, the bank playn Bruno...making me think of my old manager, I miss her! :-( That reporter's death tho...gbese nla.RIP When you live on a huge hill
Can't drive in snow
And Rochester doesn't think it's important to plow it  #SadTweet #rochprobs #countrylivin my phone is offially dead I miss  soooo much Medicine and nap time...not feeling too great oh my! I'm just so sad now. Ooh sweeti Mau curhat ! I want the 'Spread the love' hoodie  Will it avalaible again? no one fmaouss tweeted me happy birthday If you used to like Robocop like me when you were a kid, then PLEASE don't switch to channel 119, it will char your memories Bunlar hep Amerıkan oyunları ;
-EA sport games
-GTA
-Call Of Duty. Soooo I never see u anymore  💙's you! Hope  stays in! Can't believe  is out! RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 105 doing dinner with pam and dad tonight. Sorry someone like you, terminou now .. RT   plesssss what is the reason for distrust?? I cannot recall  do u see how i am speaking like  !!!!! Iseksi. RT  Valentines Day should not be a holiday all it does is remind me that Im still single! #ForeverAlone RT  The twins are bloody hilarious! Why does everyone want them out?  #cbb Ahhh can we make it when we've saved some beans? Love to see ya but hard right now  Will come ASAP :) xx Finishing packing  (@ g's FL condo) no dirty bed bath from naughty nurses.... Must have hurt though if you couldn't eat he asleep such a cruel man Sick  & really COLD ! Theres snow in my city and roads are blocked!  RT For the fans who are unable to see you! Mhy Bestiee jus left & i miss ha already Thank you anyway RT  I miss the one i love :-( i want melonade but we dont have any seltzer. aaaaa bonzo's not moving ofield still didn't accept me  hahaha. ;) can't believe he's gone RT  to com fome I missed u more. If u want to talk with me get on msn I always on there and for while I won't tweet  love ya sexiehhh. Not in the mood. This is going to be a long depressing night did I not add u on one  sowwiii x Boo it's raining oh i just now saw all of these!! hahah YES I LOVE FREE CLOTHES! hehe, but urgh, i work monday night Sorry guys, no twitlonger part 17 today, I have to study for my exams...  maybe tomorrow ;) Why has  gone? The whole of Essex should of been backing him Dang. I can't wait too get up at the crack of dawn to put on cheer make up. Daddy, I dont wanna leave at like, 5 I got less than an hour at work.. But no one is textin my phone to make this time go by I miss you, best :-( RT  Catfish peppersoup *drools* So Vegas ends this year  What next? ;-) lets hangout soon please&lt;3 #misstheolddays i keep tweeting  but he wont ever follow me! All we can do is PRAY. ☹ " This world is def coming to an end *sigh* :-( Why does it have to wait till 11 ?? are you ok?  ps sad we don't have any classes together this semester! JESSIE PLEASE CAN I HAVE A PICTURE - YOUR GREY JUMPERED MAN WON'T LET ME  PLEASE x I feel like everyone's getting noticed but me  #boyzhitchicago I am so worried for you/about you/just in general!! "  she don't need to look up to yo big head" &lt;&lt; Dont Do Dat  Ima Good Person . Especially Around Her . i know that he/she? me and my Dad were proper freaked out haha and the accents are fake and shoutings normal  and thanks :'( Yo!  Whrz  missin U̶̲̥̅̊ plenty!! Awh that's sad  either way, let's visit each other! @ oh yes I am sad now you didn't just #randal me??....you did  #FML xx Yerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhhh :/ RT   lmao. Did you actually cry that much? Cheer up babs I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 104 i need someone to talk to  #sadtweet yeh sorta  hope my mum let's me go (lmao how old am I) I got work ano  just like you :D I won't be at your party at Mirage tonight  Smoke a jay and take 5 shots for meeeeee ! Lol Littlefoot in the baby dress I made. He took one of his arms out of the sleeve gota wit for 2nd half That easy 2 forget bad people :) !But the difficult forget their thing :) 1 more hour until to food and 8 more until sleep  you shoulda just came over!!!!!!!!!!  I wish I would have seen this earlier! يؤؤ RT  “ i can't believe this hoe amber had me extra emotional . smh .” me too ! RT   Is Actually The Saaviest...EVERY DAY I C HER ON MY TL LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL&lt; this is a lie Omg I saw my sisters today   !!! I miss them “ Etta James dies from complications from leukemia -- learn more about the disease here you dont even text me anymore ew no bueno Climbing into bed alone tonight for the 1st time in about 9 month #notcoolgarymiddleton!! Oooh. I'm so excited to watch it! Can't believe this is the last ever series RT   awwwww LOVE YA TOOO! Still miss you muchies!!  Where Df is my wife  at ?  I miss df out of her , hope she feel better , I love you &lt;3 ima be over later to take care of u #CBB sooo intense , gotta wait an hour now  x Not doing too badly, haven't done any makeup so far this year though  I need to sort that out soon.your case didnt help me at all this past weekend  #brokeiPhone4 my B-day is almost over  can you plss say happy birthday to me plss ? X♥ because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me  63 Swear t god I actually hate them so much their so annoying think so hun, going to be very sore later. :-( missed the corner of the dishwasher hitting my head by a whisker. B-E-A-utiful. im so depressed to see him go  ugh I wish someone would help me pack ppl in my school are so desperate  #sucksforyou Harmony won't go to nobody but her mama. it's evil  don't want us UK kpop fans to own it! I'm more concerned about the fact that there are boy vs. girl isles for toys, to be honest i know tomorrow I am tho lol too bad it cant be shipped through the KT express txt me.... NOW boreddd  dont wna stay in the housee its gonna snoww so bad. wiff molly doe (: Cegep on monday !  Cegep lundi really? Wow, its evil,  Gotta try and stay awake for an hour come home please : ( Heading to new york soon, it's snowing there.. that just brought my excitement level down RT  66% bitch really? Smh I'm sad  lol I go to Cranston East  hby? omg I can't believe my neck is still bright blue  I can't get rid of it RT   aww  &lt;/3 Hmmm is feeling neglected by my BABF done cut all her hair off  smh is all on my timeline and i miss herr!!!!! Oh how today couldn't get any worse!!! Wait! I have to work tonight  #Wah #fml there was someone behind me when I ran into the pole. I'm gonna miss their bromance so much Ragin at big brother. Is it weird I full scale love kirk I'm sorry u feel that way mi prima natalia se fue para new york a vivir sorryyyy! #thoughtviruseswentoutwithmsn Exactly, it means 'excessive love of animals' which sounds abit weird :') I wanted it to begin with Z for my A - Z though lmao okay i'll let you off then, cant believe you ignore me on here so i pop up on bbm and you ignore me on that to RT  Tracy called me Edward  I started crying idol Etta James died i get the same feeling when i see zayn  pfff i can cry right now!!! Just the thought of it all ;( xx No, still jamming with my parents Glad sissy is here! However, I don't feel well. hate being that girl but when the fcuk is this bad luck streak gonna end I know! I was like whaaaaat?  But I'll see you tonight? :D oh that's ages away :-( x  RT  summmerr coome baaaack ! Didn't make it to the beach today  so sad " Bet why utunuuu  RT" My next gf will suffer""can't even talk about it. ust getting a hardened heart for some ppl sorry  you'll be with me next time.. No worries! I guess Chanel this season will be impossible to get in to.  Very limited seating   ... still waiting patiently for it to arrive! 2 years and I just cashed a fraudulent check  ppl are jerks. I get a warning An* RT  ??" Well .. So what shld and E do?  RT  Dats (cont) Im about to go to sleep ! I HATE being sick A female who kant suck dicck  #ThingsIcantStand do you think they will cut out the song?? aww my boo is sick   I need 2 come take care of u i love   so much i wish he would follow me  oneday... because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me 62 people are meant to pass away when they are old, not 14 Home bound! Gonna miss her roomie whole bunches! Gutted about  leaving bb  hope you and gemma work things you :) xx no I'm not  I've never been soo bored in my life! Ha But I don't have enough alcohol. it's nothing to be taking the piss about I'm almost Crying Wahh I'm actually so sad Kirks gone  #CBB sooo sumbody unfollowed me..... wat did I DO!!!  lol my car can't make it up the driveway!! I followed every acount, I know you won't call me or invite me to a date but please follow me  #neversaynever I wish it wasn't soo expensive!!  I haven't decided or ruled out anything yet though!! exactly lmfao  RT   It's no fun if the bitch don't say nothing back.  But why did I type "and" twice. Smh.  Damn you hayfever  ... R.I.P. Sarah Burke. You were a pleasure to watch Noooo  kirk didnt deserve to go from bb, no eye candy for us girls now Wat im gonna eat nobody home to cook for me this was in a gas station and it made me realize I already miss my sissy! s h i t, just joking its iteee, still not 'appy why I fudging bother I don't know! Might give up  how was nandos? x x x Sitting watching my cousin on 3DS toy story I want one! esta mal la cam  malaso.. ( live on It's supposed to snow 2mrw RT   hahaha I just got this, and how do I owe you?  Since you love Kristin more than me.. bahaha thought you was actually there  lmao yeah I saw a picture of them yesterday! They have like 1D shops in the UK but I live Australia so I can't get any don't have a ps3 unfortunately mate I'm a box banner, yep sure am  I miss Newquay it's been a rough couple of days not seeing your face i just might be So close to tears. I want huddy back.  Devastated isn't in it. Snow mess up ALL the plans👎🎤🎧📝 no pratique for PS  Dollies!! Fs man am working tomorrow and a cannot be fucked ehh but she told me she did  pay ma skool fees now or do you want me to be kicked out? I'm still in pain gutted you got put out tonight  so wanted you to win !! But you where great to watch :) xx it was okay until i come homeRT   hahaha , let me stooop . . .she just so beautifulll  keep her foreverr RT  Me and my leopard nails just landed from Hong Kong... Vacations over :-( Who Wanna Keep Me Company? Im At Work, By Myself, With Nothin To Do :-( thankss still mad you can't come tonight : ( Eeh ya.. I love it too RT  I love that game! But network is always so bad @ my end  RT abdsauce: ...  No funciona mi Whatsapp I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 114 Omg poor baby  #neversaynever always crying when justin can't speak... In the movie and then he tweets his fans :) RT  need a hug omggg. yoo im really scared  lol can u do it for me pleaseeee ??? I call it abstract figment ofan imaginationRT  Get it twisted, love isn't as beautiful as It is supposed to be hahaha I'm so upset :-( and I can't get over the fact how much you remind me of him ;-) RT  I can't find anyone who has link with me  darn. me too! I think i should be born in bradford haha what's wrong  Going to Dubai tmw  expecting everybody to be there I had sweet tea. because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me  69 is that american time or british time cause if british I'll be in school excuse-moi Wendy lol damn. welllllllllllp i didnt see you at the bus loop neitha yup. my windfalls always go to bills. follow me  please i admire you! You are My inspiration. You arde My Musical Model to Follow! :) I love Clitheroe x I just get a bit sad that we work pretty hard, he works over 60 hours a week and we're still in a worse position that many ikr feebs same  back to mrs ridgy on monday wah :'(( aw wish i was ten tors training tomorrow  #imissdartmoor  This Headache&lt;&lt;&lt; Can't you post one?  You seem so passionate about your craft. I'm literally enthralled by the idea of what you could create. It's snowing My mom is not coming to my game again Battery so low.. Cant even slap no more music..  house keepun needa hurry up! Proud of you  gutted ur out the house Suddenly my dash gets raped by Schörlockians and Siezlocks :D Follow ALL the German Sherlockians!! &lt;3 But they all live so faar away how u been? Been a while. It almost seems like I'm slippin out ya twirra friends list RT  Valentines Day should not be a holiday all it does is remind me that Im still single! #ForeverAlone im great :-) and because u havent checked on me or anything :-( two of us have had this prob  this week! Blackberry is not in our good books I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 113 An amazing talent. Sad day for music  - Etta James Dead at 73 | Music News | Rolling Stone  via did history yesterday but now i have 2 do a freakin zine Got the dance fever now “ I miss my baby  haven't talked to her in a wholllleeeeeee week  lol” u coming over Nice one!! They ask one of my questions though have invited a few x some are younger but dont know if they will actually come :-( bring his ball pit to play in x lol omg you're right sorry your link didn't work I need a personal masseuse...preferably a hot one. #backpains ily  #CBB ninguem responde minhas msgs I wish he was coming with me RT  RT IF U LOOVE JLS BUT THEY DON'T NOTICE U Please keep sharing our Death Row Dogs. They are out of time  The shelter will officially open at 8am, but they... Well Kirks gone  who will be next #CBB xx RT  Yes! And tell them theyre pretty  RT  So men will ignore bellies, and faces, for a fat ass? RT  Mans go dey fear marry now LSs didn't respond back :-( My hip is killing me! I hate not being able to dance with my Pom girls I need a solid workout tomorrow morning. Missed two days this week " Valentine's Day is coming up, i have no valentine  #lame lol" I think I went thru all the levels and I really can't remember them all since I don't practice NOOO, STAY IN CHILE I hate when my momma is sick & miserable  I'd kill someone just so she'd finally start getting better. going to bed. hopefully everything will be ok in the morning Aww thanks babe, I missed you too   I'm feeling much better now :) xx OMG!! R.I.P. TO THE ULTIMATE ICON MS ETTA JAMES  my heart hurts I am pretty sure I will be gone  DH might be here though... bummer, no visit for me, Thanks very much though! I'm waiting for 3YEARS that u followme and stay waiting  please followme. I got tired of beg that u followme :'( PLEASE! 112 I wanna make them for tomorrow for Ferdy my brother needs to teach me how to drive stick cause i wanna drive my baby Thought I had my headphones inda car  I guesS not ! because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me  68 I hate losing my headphones no :-/ it sounds scary what?are u in the hospital?? Germs, everywhere... I didn't want  to leave I like him in the house  x Ughhh I wish I could do it I have a Monday night one already i cant believe he has gone   xx woaaaah way jealous I need a chat, I'm bored :-( Me! I never miss an SA show. I passed by you once, was too shy to say hello. Using all the workouts I can that  taught us during LBT's......its not the same though Cutting your armpit shaving &lt;&lt;&lt; me toooooooo !!  we's are stunnas except i think i was sick that day? LOL one golf course, not open for the foreseeable future! Are you disregarding me ? Please! I'm true fan!  Follow me ? :) RT  I'm heartbroken #EttaJames has passed. Will be listening to her music and crying all day I missed it to Oh. You're short :-( RT   I'm 5'10 hater  RT  Good crowd for #GopherUniforms all local media in attendance #gophers not yet.  I hate snow!!! :/ i hate this. Ahhhh. No high lites in the military :-( think I'll go all crazy before I dip out Have school tomorrow  Goodnight Gleeks ! my hair is def down to my lower back though!!! :-D which means time for a trim :-(I miss the show on MTV Skins it was not  xxx Where's my babe ? Just tried to do ma first essay on ma own and when ma mum comes up to look she says it's shit. Thanks a fucking lot Depressed wish a girl would talk to me what's wrong lady? Why are all your tweet so sad? They make me sad Not feeling good at all gonna go lay down for a while hahaha! i know i can't talk, i had to have extra English lessons you should :D im not sure when my parents will tell me to stop  they don't seem to notice/care :') RT  I miss Fundmental 03. :-( Can't believe  has gone! Bye bye hottie haha I was joking anyway(I wouldn't of admitted it if you said you would ha) thanks I will do haha sadly, no ice cream at all #BecauseOfYou i get excited everytime i get a text..then it's not you&it's like oh.. owp nothing really just not feeling to good  wbu ??x Echemos Wii My cousin gone home miss u too RT    you got married Kenny and you don't love us no more :-( wasnt the same without  thoughtt  #miiissyouuuu  so do I I don't think I will be on that much tonight Abby RT   aaaa hiciste twitcam y yo no te vi Its not good snow to make a snowman because its light and powdery :-( Why you so horrible? #towie fans I am dissapointed! What ever happened to vote for kirk?  #cbb Wahh I don't know what to do tonight now awwww...whats wrong ? crying at desperate scousewives oh my god because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me  73 sup? "  and I wanna meet baby Ava"--- she's not a baby anymore brb finding the missing bit of my back My face is cold. RT  Good luck     I wish I could be there oh sure, EFT is cool, but it used to have forum on it's site that would teach tons, no more I lost my money again on the last Q  Right back in action!!! Nobody #ff me  I was but last minute changes Wanna buy a iphone ? RT  man i need a phone  my face hurts like a lot what a small world !! Ya I met rawa2 in the summer ! Ya I knw zanzoun n ghalia! But Im not being able to remember u I absolutely hate seeing my mom cry that's only in the morning and the evening and not when we would want to go :-( #POOO That gutting feeling when you get a rejection... Yo y u lien u didn't even know I was there youre like "Did you find me a nigga yet" to       I see how it is I followed every acount, I know you won't call me or invite me to a date but please follow me  #neversaynever 1 " I miss you =(" i miss you too Oiee wee!! Nesesito tenis aw wee raaab!  wuv yaaa! Wouldnt You Know I'd Miss  !! God Fucking Damn It! Love my Mac Book Air...but miss my Mac Book pro. Ok :) Did you hear about KS? I am more worried now problemas en I.S.S? He's out the house cantttt RT  I miss tweeting 24/7 why can't Rizzle Kicks be up for another category in the Brits without One Direction in it awwww  I hate people who make fun of gay people. Like wtf no. Watching Love and other impossible pursuits. Such a moving film, I could cry lol i was chasing your tweets to get know the name of that MNA but atlast you didn't RT  RTT  I miss watching desperate housewives! Aww did want kirk to go out  #cbb lol was jus on that bit..i cant retweet your stuff I wish I had a car.  lucky muthafuckas   THIS.  #preferablypaulwalker  RT  I need a personal masseuse...preferably a hot one. #backpains dear  there is a boy in my music class who's first name is Winstel. It made me miss you a lot.  #getbackinmylife Bye Kirk is already trending Yalla yallaaa send me a number with a question! noooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sty my votes didnt save u  xX Ah bless me auntie shes really poorly  get well quick i love you loads xxxxxx  Think i have the bad touch, where tonight everything i touch doesn't want to work, now my netbook seems to be fucked, now my dads netbook RT  RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( This is going to be a long night please follow meeeeee Yes defiantly because I was at work and didn't get to play!  : ( RT  RT  RT  I feel so sorry for the family of the Channels reporter that was killed in the Kano bombings !!!! I miss you more  RT  I miss my bff turned 8 like a month ago but he can still be annoying as fuck! And aww should have given her to me I love cats LOOL promis you're evil! there's no blackcurrant! damn im sorry *throws u an icepack* lol hope it helps hahahaha :) I'm just a little jel of snooker players  they are too good! #masterful I Haven't Talked To  Alll Day...Just Dont Feel Right i miss you. :-( I knoooow!!! I like the twinnies! I hope they don't go! If only I could make you understand how much our friendship means to me shit, i could never meet adam in real life. i'd be such a dumb ass. i know nothing Did anyone see how the Channels TV newscaster held her head at the end of the news just now? OK now you're just teasing!! #PoorJules damn working at housing is fucking stressful!!!!!! Omg  is rocking yet another fab outfit. I want her wardrobe just in bed watching bb and listening to music. Quite bored aha they have right toand me  what drama btw? haha Have to wait till half fucking 11 now why yew no lemme give stupid ppl da finger?  My signals been off all night argh #CBB i really dont want the twins to go! Please dont go y u no have A Day to Remember as support in Leipzig?????? Well I lost half million there. :-( XxX Has anyone else been having issues posting to Facebook through  None of my posts make it to Facebook get well soon! I think its going round.. hoping I don't get it  I've been good too, what you doing these days? I want to sleep now I CAN'T STAND IT EITHER BESTI michael o leary obviously refreshing his bid to take over aer lingus and monopolise air travel on this ISLAND  #latelate Should really go to bed, football in the morning! Seems weird playing on a saturday again! going to be a killer getting up such a leader too, should be the new captain! yeahh  loved him more since the bristol rovers game, always remembered  xx retweet for england?  i am going to cover some of your songs. follow? &lt;3 So its official. I move in next thursday really wish it was both of us, but he'll be back LOOOOOOOL " Ahh! 75 Million Ke? MoGbe!  Laiyi se monopoly Money!" The food was just as expected so I'm away home to feast on Special K. Silly hockey mornings causing me to leave early I've been okay. :) my stomach is getting worse Lol feel sorry for u RT  I Am Now Team Android i need a sleep but i can't sleep RT   RT  acho que vou ler ja que to forever alone aqui neh.. I know! and some people invent such simple things it's like 'why didn't I think of that?!' because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me  79 oh thanks  #kidding wanna go to the game tonight but no one wants to come with me yes it is very sad my back killin me I really want to go to a concert soon thnks :) yh it is lol i wouldnt mind cumin down 2 london 2 watch dem but i prob get lost besides ma mates r not arsenal fans I Want your bear buy ı am not buy. I am in Turkey . And not here your bear " Ooh U make ishy mpo  RT  I shock 4 u waaa" nice one omg suspense is actually killing me   #MrCelebUK     have to win  my brother went on a ski/snowboard trip today and he's still not back That's good njena! RT  "Ismile sakho ingathi sesasezulwini" - wt ths atha guy in ma skul said to me today :-( RT  Good idea..i think everyone needs one RT   I'm cold :-( saint kidd jumper please Sick baby fever is not leaving her body  (@ Children Medical Center) [pic]: schools whack Noooooo  you and  should be in the final!!!!! Not happy  xxx I know! It's been too long my friend. me neither! Nicola should of gone Just saw this. Sending lots of ((((HUGS)))) Tell 2012 I'll kick it's arse if it doesn't start being nicer to you & yours. x RT  I want you to understand 

#sad mode on T____T I hope my Confessions quotes are somehow relevant to the question soo surprised  got voted out  so sexy So bummed...snow dumped all around me, even few inches here. Gone w/in 12 hrs & everything flooding how do you move on when you don't want to? I wanna know what it feels like to be followed by  but he will never notice me.. The guy on Nigerian Idol ruined my song with his crap break dancing. on it gurl! Haha was so shocked love him. Wish joey essex was in there instead though Wat a way to spend my weekend with homework  thanks teacher much appreciated i hate you sometimes &cause youve won will you tell me your secret:D? Sowee naRT   "mz_lilminaj: YupzRT  U going to bed? "mz_lilminaj: Gud nyt tweepRT ... Really  craving some chips right now ! Suddenly nothing bothers me anymore...   This is really Disturbing, I feel nothing... xx I know he was just as shocked as us all :-( Really wished I could've gone to Foroige tonight .. :-/ I didn't get to get all the gossip from   :P omg if freaking sucks My phone broke more....  #i needanewphone I really wanted to hang out with you tonight I know  RT  I dont even see  like that anymore My crush split his hashbrown w/ me this morning... :-))) .. But he drunk my orange juice and then laughed & teased me :-( Etta James passed away today I miss you guys I left a banana peel in my car now my car smells like straight banana  ;( Going to bed, I really hope  notices me and wishes me a goodnight  would make me so so happy! xx gutted that your out big brother is going to be boring without out frankie and kirk's bromance.. frank will be so lonely Just woke uppp  bad timing. Neways movies or get drunk ? #ff to the  crew!     :-) excuse the quite past couple of days also :-( To sad RT  Omg  is rocking yet another fab outfit. I want her wardrobe oh that sucks bad news I close RT  Why is my friday so boring Finishing work half an hour earlier makes no difference when relying on buses!! #NeedACar!!! because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me  78 RT  My sister & I need to get together SOON! I miss her Facebook is a pile of cunts with sticks.. A very Lmtd amount of people actually speak to me on Twitter.. & no one has my new number..  did you guys start wobbling!!?? only because we have about 30 cans of beer and no wine in  and the beer was free ;) RT  I'm heartbroken #EttaJames has passed. Will be listening to her music and crying all day I want more orange juice Snow Oh phooey :-( " Full time: 9-8... Tououse are saved" I want to go to prom Went to watch my recording of Stella to find out its the simpsons... pretty depressed hates me now work tomorrow :-(  such a shock he has left   #proudofkirk  xx RT Ugh. In a strange mood. Hoping sleep will fix me :-( When I pay off my phone I will ! & your so sweet, life sucks even more with your stoned face in it ! im not *kicks lone pebble* RT   you better not be upset about it either i think a lot of kpoppers do tbh Yeah I miss bottesfordI always thought clouds would feel fluffy & soft. Until I went through some. Yeah, they're not at all Give me 23 reasons why, and I'll give you one reason not to... #Family but i hope he gets a gf really soon cuz he's sad lol gud cuz i was lik damn she dnt love me nomo  lol I want to watch megan fox on beyaz show i know! It's such a beautiful song. It deserves more love All that b.s this morning. Car trouble. N now I almost got electricuted!!! :-( Wth?! you bit me for no reason. Completed the first season of Homeland! And I got to say, it was awesome! Now, all I can think is why all good things come to an end?! Cant take it that Kirk has gone Sick at work, sick on the ride home... I hate throwing up. Waaahhh stop snowing  please? #fucksnow or nicola! well i dont care really aslong as romeo dont go :L I hate when my ears get cold & numb! OMG listened to the JLS SRS heartbroken  Missed it the other day cuz i woke up late! Beautiful xx 10% and a long car ride ahead  #sadtweet you don't wanna know it was horrible Tamari threw me in the snow : ( Great work by STMTS..but RIP 20:02 Se ma hara dificil no entrar a twitter morire  ♥ I love the course too! Our school does Weimar and Nazi Germany for Adv so I'm missing the British side to History! I'm going to die by then ! oh wait, no. There's no new episode tomorrow D''''': fml. I was looking forward to seeing aunt jenna in this episode. Noooo seriously i must know why he hates people from illinois!!!!! That horrible feeling of drinking tea out of a mug other than your favourite because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me  86 RT  Missing pretty little liars  #thankgodfortivo RT  I want a boyfriend Just noticed I won't have a single class with  cause she snaked waaa RT  #TheBoysWho  call you just to tell you how much they miss you  word ,  wow the one day I go you don't go Welp, I thought the nap helped with that migraine.. turns out not.  Work at 5:30, leaving at 5. BLEH. Spanish Is Hard true Degrassi is pretty damn solid. I thought they'd have newer shows though -SO TIRED! Need to catch up on my zzzz's im tooo tired to be hyperactive and awwww I want olive garden espero que no thankss  xx Ay si el Twitter what can i do to make it up to you :-( but not surprised “ Southwest not coming to Lexington (~_~) RT   RT  Dude wat r u saying RT   am da only AVATAR u know dat , Rains back ohhh my gwaddd You should so come to Dundee in Scotland so me and my friend can come see you  X If you want to try a green cake I'm afraid you'll have to wait....today's are in baking heaven My rent is due RT  Just an update, no baby yet ha to leave lauren at hospital  having strong pains, hopefully get a call tonight to go back!!! Is true.. so gutted I couldn't come!  xxxx Goodbye the last time ill hold u near 12-11-11 " theres a first for everything #pinkeye" I'm sorry  you owe me 10$ (; awww  you going to mcflys next tour!? But I ONLY have the jumbo sized!!! Just ordered tickets to a symphony for Music Appreciation. Leave where? p.s you just made me waste my 250th tweet on you! hope you're happy was just remind why she hates packing im ptfo, no party After I just had a nice candle lit bath & shower as well I'm bored, but can't be bothered to go out... I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO I guess people just thought u'd be safe so didn't vote  we all love u!x I miss you too babe! - K Good. I Hate When I Miss Episodes Of It  Cake Boss Time ! :) Gutted that Kirk went  x Its not special in the mornings anymore :-( " I have carried last once again  what is happening in kano?" Huh?? I hope ur studying for SAT's Nobody ever pays me in gum.. RT  Soo my baby Deanza leaving me my stomach hurts She was so much better when she was goood x I'm so soreeee his eyes all gunky, if he gets worse, he gotta go rrr feaut &lt;3 evn tho yor whitleying it witout meee  x " I forgot to re-invite  " but why arent their shovels down  i dont understand what they doin After all the Uni interviews go and that, life's gonna be DEAD til' i'm 18 i need to tan!! i want to be this colour again swear to god what I would do to be famous for 1 day  girl can dream from the words of Jessie j dreaming is believing :) Why do I feel dis sick ? yes, yes it is my own fault! I feel ashamed  who's Paul Simon and why are you watching him ? that's real because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me  85 RT  Kierron just left  great night! Watched Horiible Boses it was so funny and cudded hehe :') I love kierron so much:') RT  big brother is going to be boring without out frankie and kirk's bromance.. frank will be so lonely #pt فستاني اللي احبو عدملي هوا حق المغسله ومعد يتصلح 
Am trying to get over it but its just sad ='{ I want you to go no stella?  what happened to it coming on at 10? the prettiest girls have the most insecurities its sad w/o me ? I'm crushed really :$ one of my friends is like an A*-A student  i wish i could be brainy ( xxx Ree.. RT  Doohh.. RT  wakakakak RT  Hihihhhihi :D" Iyy dankkk  RT You just woke up? Grabe, kagigising ko lang I reached the post limit on tumblr + the follow limit! Now what to do 
Loooool... I'll just log onto my football tumblr &lt;3 Bad mood now! Yummy! Gutted Kirkys out tho " Oooooo I Like the twinns  #cbb" &lt;---- Me too. I think they'll stay :)I know He doesn't Tweet  but we do love him!! :) I hate embarrassing myself  #500aDay che brutta fineeeeeeeeeee  #casiangeles jut got sent a picture of athena  miss her so much 😚💨 RT  My eyeeeee :-( ...somebody blow my eye for me weird how your hair can be sore though eh? Yaa your gonna suffer robs I cannot believe kirk has went  GET THE TWINS OUT #cbb i really like them so much..... mom never will buy them all..... so expensive cant believe uve been voted out so soon not fair wish I saw your b e a utiful smiling face more poo head  x My car slid on ice today and went into the ditch I am jealous! Might not be able to go to a GP this year Aww cool :) Gutted they never come over here cant wait Just knowing that you're sad makes me want to run over and cheer you up  #buticant can you open a restaurant in Madison?! please get better Toby dog. Pleaseee don't have it hmmmmmm!! i have no idea what i even drinking yet Want to go to download fest so bad! Tenacious D just announced they've been booked! 1 week down already...i'll be back at work before I know it :-( Seems CTA buses won't be running on Lake Shore Drive tonight? Yep, this commute's gonna totally suck. So  Talks To Me Every Day On Twitter, But Neverrrrrr In Person Nope. As far as I know, I'm the only one here oh damn welp nvmd frankie looks upset without kirk  bby! #cbb My arm is about to fall off. #hurtingggg I realized how much I missed you RT  RIP to those that died in the Kano bomb blasts. Really sad what Nigeria is turning into. Damn. :-( Mentions are dead. because it is so difficult that  follow me, is all I want  I LOVE YOU ♥ please follow me  93 Trying to decide if I should argue w my wife b4 we have people over or wait till tomorrow AM..nothing planned to argue about yet tho twins and Michael should have gone On the Internet 
But mine doesn't really suit me :-( unfortunately that probably wont be the bands name this means I'll have to put my radio alarm back to wink 104 cheeky you'll be the one with the car i gotta save  xxx you'll soon become addicted babe! Of course, gutted kirk's out  people obv aren't voting propertly!xxxx laundry laundry laundry. #margieineedyounow  #missmymommy No  you? what does that mean? #SOPA & #PIPA were cancelled? & brit still under conservatorship kirk why have you gone I do NOT like alcohol  #beer #millionpounddrop uchiiis obvioo el reencuentro :P awww  yeaaaah Death toll is 'said to be high'  we'r still waiting for d red cross to giv us figures ( -̩̩̩͡˛ -̩̩̩͡ ). #KanoBlasts. I've been trying so hard. Starting to lose hope  please follow me if you see this. it would mean so much! 4 it'll be 11 in UK:-( i might not be able to watch it again :-( noooo  xxxxxx I can't feel my mouth. I can't drink or eat anything. you kiss just for me ive been trying to its hard to get a job there Well my tv will be boring tonight then :-( im bouta demolish dis popcorn . .. if only i had sum hot sauce  : ( u don't love me :-( this weather makes me wanna cuddle #toobadicant just dropped and smashed my iPhone, guess u will be confiscating it off me.... #notsmartenough4smartphone :-( yes Nope, can't DM you because you aren't following me I can't. What if it goes wrong. I'm home alone FOR THE WEEKEND *sadness*   where's my "Fear" book lool why is he gone!!! I weeeaaaallllyyyy wanna call-out tonight :-( oh wow girl
jazzabelly® No vieneeeee My mommy's sick  so I'm buying rice for dinner (y) im absolutely shocked.. i cant believe kirk is out. did not see that coming  u did so well kirk x I keep missing ppl on my #FF! Totally thought I saw you at one of those temporary Jackson Hewitt cubicles at Walmart, but it turned out to be some black dude. Ok cool. I have the 4s too. Really don't know whether to jailbreak. Want tweaks tbh but it will go slow. it's too sad isn't it :-( x when i said no u cnt take it .. u made that sad face LOOOL .. i was lik AWWWWWWH  .. you was abit drunk u know ¬_¬ so sad I'm not there! I'm at my big gir job  -- sorry I missed your call this morning Dea! right now just an iced coffee   Hopefully later some fun Casas del Bosque with Grant Phelps, he's in SF! Back ache :-( RT  #MentionTo someone that you need right now! Cc. . But she will ignore me! All my instruments are in my room
Both guitars&my violin 
But my favorite one is stuck in the LivingRoom 
Wish my piano could fit in here #RIPEttaJames  Beautiful voice will be missed. haha, oh you went there did ya! Below the belt Tummy hurt Mnxim :-( RT  LIES!!!RT  *agrees* RT  But this guy ---&gt; (cont) RT   #teamiphone :) beautiful and fly... But far Needs a Cwtch! Really do.. Can't sleep! I know the thought of getting up for football in the morning is horrible! I want a longggg lie-in :-( mm i know!  well il have to wait till im 16 and i may have changed my mind by then but we shall see I wish I could have been a powderpuff coach.  stupid fines and fees Would love to be able to give this convo attention, but can't now. :-( RT   :) gf don't you leave this weekend i want a puppy RT  Just noticed I won't have a single class with  cause she snaked I have to stay at my houseeeeeeeeeee El link está roto :-( I really need to go to the dollar store and get stuff for my story book but my brother's too interested in mw3 to come with me  4evalone &gt;.&lt; :)  :| RT  I'm trying to read but  keeps randomly singing lol --- sorry! I'll leave u alone now a stranger just mentioned me so ig i can mention her bacc lol  :* , sad to say i just mite not be there  im tryn tho hasn't followed me yet  -TEAR- Missing my bby =&gt; Yes I Did : ( . I Asked If You Were Okay ?kkkkk i'm going out at 11  xx OMG Kirk Gone : ( Hope The Twins Michael Or That Bitch Nicola Go Next #CBB Frankie looks so upset :-( JT &lt;3 hope u had fun.. my night was lonely wish id come  PS. kirk just got evicted from big bro, he was so cute, love him 4lyf :-( I would reweet this but your profile is locked I've been listening to them for years... their antics will never get old. I just wish they'd tour the west more often wont ever notice me swal swal everywhere and not a drop for me  You're a bad friend, Dáithí, and worse yet, a bad patriot. :) yeaah me too! And aww thanks x been ok but been ill  feel bit better now, how's yours? Xx got so much work to do tomorrow, revision revision revision That feeling is tryna come back!!!! Ugggh :-( p a i n  this can't be. It hurts so much  umagang umaga naman no  #batganto huhu me too  wish kirk didn't go nope, well overdue for one too so now I am feeling not like crap. and can start on the lawn today when are you going to come to spain?  every i'm spanish and i realy love you;) 1 Damn im hungry thoo -__- #MyStomachTalkingToMe RT  gutted kirk has gone from #cbb   to win now! I wish I was going to the bell vs Harlan game with my frans  #bummed #conditionalsweek IF I HADN'T LIVED in Colombia, I WOULDN'T BE missING "crepes and waffles" right now  (mixed conditional) Just got done with wrestling.... Pretty easy practice today but i have to get up at 530 in the morning for a meet why is today your Thursday? :-( lool you should be partying avec moi and  other homies here Awww just wanted to give Kirk a hug, totally didn't deserve to go  #CBB there is no sound on the IEM SC2 EN rebroadcast havent cuddled for about a week  lol LOL!  I'll check it in a mirror and try reading whilst doing a handstand, but if still no luck, Nintendo are so getting it! whats this ur down this weekend and i havent heard a thing I definitely ate more than my stomach can handle. Not feeling good At Allllll. RT  Pray for my mom please I don't even know why I look at your tweets, they make me so sad stop talking about food like that. All i ever have is like toast and ramen and shit RT  I need more followers So fukkn nervous deddy goin unda da knife nxt wk :-( have you just had meat salad and veg all day? Maybe the headaches are like a sugar come down or something wasn't on about now! meant in general. was just kidding maaan. sorry chloe I'm so miserable #wifer Aww frankie looks like he's going to cry  #cbb thanks girl! Wish you could've joined me I hate the dentist  #givemedenturesalready No excuses lad..Its worth waitin in a q :L. Whats this FF thing :L teach me about twitter! And im not evil I have to do something about how lazy I am ! I just went to the supermarket in slippers because I'm too lazy to put my shoes on. PAIN! I have to go  Bye xx ( live on omg cant even begin to explain how jelous i am!!  you were meters away from all of them an liam waaaaaaaaaa!! xxx I've got things to do tomorrow  I don't need the distractions! XD douchebags  x i need a man. with a dick .. and joey is so meann #ThingsICantStand when people have no manners or respect for anyone else and belittle them. I LOVE YOU !!! Follow me please ?  My dream is to meet you !!! &lt;3 You have changed my life , thanks !! put a smile on ur face!! I love you soooo much...I can't see u sad . is teasing my small feet RT  LOOOOOOOL " Ahh! 75 Million Ke? MoGbe!  Laiyi se monopoly Money!" I really wanna spend time with  this weekend since ima miss school 2 days next week :\ but I have nobody to come with me You Guys Are Doing Them Box things ON Purpose Coz I Can't SEE Everyone's already busy tn...wtf lol i know  you should've no  I liked that ring! suit n tie??? .. n will u b my date?? I'm kinda lonely out here &lt;/3 RT " #100CosasQueOdio: Los BOBOS." why? I've been trying so hard. Starting to lose hope  please follow me if you see this. it would mean so much! 7 don't crush my hopes  only 4 hours.. I think I can I think I can I think I can nem eu  #POPLineDAYOFF I can't play I have work  and don't say such stupid excuses Luce!  Never get to play against them..and I need to score! Ugly  RT  So which one are you? RT Phola: Ugly bitches on twitter always hatin on pretty ones I hate how i can't be mad at you for long, fuck you you can't handle it hows the khemo?  stay strong!! want a boyfriend who i can act really childish with and be hyper and silly, and he will join in with me He goin to work.! I think I should be born in Doncaster Neeeed a big poooo me arse it throbbing when ur haveing a fight with a good friend and yhuu cant stop crying There's a front wheel drive car next to me with chains on the back, and there's not even snow on roads anymore. Oh humanity :-( The feeling when u don't feel wanted is probably the worst feeling to have  #thingthatmakesad its cold outside  xo  two months without  ... who will i laugh at ? I miss watching grey's anatomy Jealous  “ On my way 2 MIA” RT  RIP to those that died in the kano bomb blast and channels news correspondent that was killed too  :'( can you look at your twitter, i want you to see my tweets, or on fb ria ima cut you. follow me Gaga, pleaseee! i reallyy don'tt wanna be without him the fact tht i have a bruise from volley ball is sad  lol hope you're feeling better soon!!  x yeah I know. I secretly dont want to be a Hoe anymore. I want a rela girlfriend. But. . .  to bad haven't had a mention for two weeks... sickeningly upsetting my #ff.  ahaha unfortunately not. I have none though, sad sad times you say that dreams do come true.... but I don't think it's true... because... you don't know I exist. oh my god i'm actually heartbroken why not at yours Tim!  I'm not having one ever! Don't want loadsa people in my house Hope they don't have a fight scene! :-( Shocka  leaving I hate when she never texts me back This just hit my antenna and now my Friday is ruined sum of ya all really need to go to like now . . .twitter ez ovAloaded you! I'm working on something super-secret, so soon! Hope you're better now. I'm coming down with something now though! Might fail the markin period :-(what have I gotta do to get you to follow me? Pfff Hi, Are you at truckfest at all this year? Saw you at shepton last year, but pics got lost  Much love :) x I don't like rainy days :-( Seeing  cry makes me wanna cry I Walked Homee ByMy Self  It Was Cold I HATE work!! leaned on my candle and burnt my hair looool was a flame in my head loool I almost just started crying because I miss London and people  tweet limit  ----&gt;  :  the dreams come true? Answer me, let me know if come  true  :) ohhh I have received no msgs, my phone is broken coz I dropped it please follow or tweet me  jade and leigh-anne follows and tweeted me and jade follows my other account, please babe X You still haven't apologized for what you did to me today!!  .. #ApologyNotAccepted...JustYet they were great until woolworths went under! the hell? Thought you were taking me I dont  I have a Cuisinart Griddler though! BAM!  lol u never text ME anymore I would give everything I have for an  aurograph He died  RT    what happened to that dude anyways? She would love to do Con 2 & 11th Hour but can't afford either dont even feel like partyin tomorrow You have gone soft on me Em. please Rt of reply? I think your great and beautiful and no celebs reply to me  xo This breaks my heart #ChicagoSnowStroms Hate them...It Just makes me do all the work which doesnt belong to me its soo good, feel sooo sorry for mikeee how could it end like that!!! Awh just wana give danny a hug Chillin as of right now. this is tottally sum lay up cuddling weather :-( Eyy Sugar nipples, yur not working today?? Where u deh? then become one~! RT   *sigh* I wanna be a maid too! lucky charms are not fun once you eat all of the marshmellows. RT  May the souls of those innocent police men rest in peace, amen... RT  To ficando tensa com esses sites de download caindo. E tvd? e pll? e gg? e the oc? skins? e weeds? Eyah.  "  yup! A lot they did it around police hq." I've been trying so hard. Starting to lose hope  please follow me if you see this. it would mean so much! 13 It is days like this that I wish we lived on the 7th floor again. Prettier view, no outside draft & no bringing in snow from the outside. Can't take this weatheer! Time to chill in bed and watch a couple of films and just drift off.. Hopefully I won't be in so much pain tomorrow.. But I know I will My TL dead ass fuck  . . . Goodness cleaning while preggy really puts a strain on your back   #partyparty RT  The macaroni nightmare continues to haunt my wardrobe Just wanna see alice Hey Court it was great seeing u today! I guess I will not see u at Bill Batemans? :-( any attention when I was there. Might as well have stayed at home.  lol RT   nah just in town to see a few friends for a week or so, none have bikes :-( RT  Ahhh why can't Zooey Deschanel just be my wife same man, i have to get up for work at quarter to 7 can't actually believe it mate!! U should not of Bn booted out  xx RT  i want a #FF so much love for you izz we missed you  please say you'll be well enough to come out tomorrow?  I'm so tired it doesn't work. Follow me Mom TEAR  lost 4 followers ;(( ( ( why  what did i doo  RT  Damn I miss  a lot how rude,        &  don't follow back. fed up of revising still cnt get over it awk  least you have a computer as back up :P I wanted to do something This makes me wanna go back to High School but this time in America. Arghh I guess it's not possible for me to see you live Do you do many Birmingham based events? I always want to go to your events but its too far away! paula! i need your help!! it really does...  #ivejustgotbadluck well my email not working Lol Alexa flipped the computer off the table today, gonna miss b design BRUNO IS IN!!!!!! I feel sad a about Rubens though  x Mon père a bad à 10h30 they dont have any recent plans to go there unfortunately  xx ah, I've never been good at geography :-( I'll guess at Berlin? I'm so fucking depressed :'( god help me  I can't stop crying........... oh noooo  I hope they don't take your car!! i agree, belly a swollen :-( I need to win one of these twitter competitions one day War horse  SOPA is dead.. and so is Megavideo & Megaupload  BASTARDS! 👎 I wud vote but I can't nd I no how u  feel . Can't believe     is out :-( :-(  !! Xx aww i was in chicago over break! that makes me sad i miss my bf after a day of not seeing him  u should see my cheetah room!! looks like your about to cry  &lt;3 x  damn why cake cake Si exacto what's wrong? thank yu sis . i been meaning to text u dont think i forgot .. i jus have no phone right now #RIP to my greatuncle vinny &lt;3 its crazy how i just saw him yesterdayy and know hes gonee  #foreverlovedd ~&lt;3 i wont mind u  RT  " Ooh U make ishy mpo  RT  I shock 4 u waaa" nice one oh, maybe not then.  ur only normal seats. Sorry. X oh good lord! I don't know how you can be bothered with these people?! :-( frankie looks upset  im not trying to be horrible but how did someone like romeo or michael get more votes than kirk?!! omg really !!!!!! :D  I have followed  no ones followed me 5 gum doesn't allow big bubbles I'm sorry , I left my bowl out  sorry Lady Pryce xxxxx My tv aint working!!!  might as do homework than sleep, than bingo, than stooooooon... #YES #vballweekend ♥RT   me too :-( but I look cute with them so idc :D holy crap?! When?! I'm sorry  Happy belated birthday! :D My beautiful boy  has gone! :-( should have won :-( #lovehimsomuch Pins and needles in my feet Yay 1st day back on cross trainer did half hour and burnt 342 calories bring the fitness on, seriously need new trainers though ouch aww why you not going I LOOOOVE YOU let's try n work together tonight!! Mishhh my babby Ahh kirks gone  whos going next?? X I wanna hit her up so bad nd just work everything out :-( Haven't started watching it yet  But I think it will be... as ever :D Hungry & There is NOTHING to eat RT  R.I.P. megaupload that looks like work not taking time off RT   lol yhu the bully my fingers are swollen  nd yha shyt aint broke... Wandering where my girls  and  are cuz I havent heard from them I miss the old #OneTreeHill he looks like a peedie toy!! Such a beaut, so jel The more and more I say no to the Civic, the more tempted I get. I will :) oh how I miss you im cutting the fuccc out of my hand w. this cracked as screen aw #CBB i want kirk  GET THE TWINS OUT. I feel so bad right now “ RT to be nathans girlfriend (must be following, picking at 11)” please? I never get picked I miss this!  hope everything is going well :) I didn't get it  but lake placid... that's awesome!!! hockey tournament? I'm not feeling Too Fine Tonight I didn't blank you you two will be very disappointed  lol ! haa its been cancelled, heart broken, turns out he was gay  so sad! wats the goss from america? you get ya bang on why's the essay about? :/ I have a 5 page essay about how people lost there sense of wonder an it's in Irish where's your tweeeets? I've missed them today and yesterday thats the thing no phone sis RT  Havent Heard Frm Her Allday RT  Awww   gone..  ...Ik, ( I miss u guys already! it feels like u followed everyone but me on #FollowMeAlexConstancio! That makes me really sad to triste Sureee.  But, as long as you do it tomorrow... :D Going to be missing my bf this weekend  &lt;/3 hope to see him soon enough cant even enjoy my cuppa properly because of my throat - So my bestfriend  left me today I need food my tummy is fighting me Awww my followers are sad.. What's wrrooonnngggg baii.. one hours.. this is 00:00 in germany  oh austin baii &lt;3 (  live at please? ahiIi :'( buenoo its ok My hair is so dull in winter  #blondegirlproblems i'm  going to miss bby kirk he was life I feel your pain! I see some followers are divorcing me over Kobe and Vanessa Y yo acá!  RT  Viene Morrissey - Holy mother of Christ! - sorreeey  ah it's actually a few months old :\ but thanks bud! :D ok ne... no snow on my side of town omg bridesmaids  lols I'm so ill I'm in bed and my sisters partying away. What is my life. Tkmaxx&lt;3&lt;3 love you both xoxox I haven't so I might take you up on that, it's just I don't want to drive there and back on my own this is awkward, i added you ages and ages ago... but you ignored me me and  wants to be stingrays ... But we live in Cali No movies for me tried 3 times and it wont work  thanks though awh  serves ur right tbh just keep in mind I'm not very tech smart...my son set it up so I can tweet from text cuz I have issues with gadgets Being Human supposedly starts Feb 5.  Prepare for creys. pffff yeah which makes my skin crawl  its not weird if you're interesting :) " People that ping you only when they need help (N)"its what u do to me :p Aww I've been here for a while and I'm hungry. unfortunately....i can't   got some other bad/good news too u still love me tho right? Gutted  can you follow me Joe think your fab your a nutter :) RT  this night is gonna suck I'm giving up missing you... Hurts too much RT   I miss you and this place I think that happen to me Gutted  is out of the BB house :-( Ima need VEVO to not be teasing us like this! I got some mad follows  :s All over the world windows 7 .. Can't get the spec right for gameplay .. It's glitchy as fook and real slow .. Have to use steam aw frankie is so sad about kirk #cute #lostpuppy love you toooo yes you will, nice and early  xx frankie's so quiet now kirk's gone  #cbb severly broken octave key, air leak, unidenifiable blockage causing high notes to not come out. Only got one acceptance letter so far though RT  want a cuddle! Lool  RT  This girl i was vybing excused herself to go to the washrooms 3 hours ago, she's coming back right? Right? Fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking BORED Mehhhh, hate eating when I feel sad Come on! You are missing the point here! Open your mind still getting over headcold and not getting any phone calls walking to class saw that tweet:/ Awesome thing about graduating? Not filling out a fafsa this year! Sucky thing about graduating? Paying it all back I have no earphoness Oh wait, Kirk left  there goes #TeamKinky Etta James, your at peace...at last I can't see it can you please shout at the vevo man  I'm going die or something. Owbegint half 12 “ my BABF done cut all her hair off  smh”  next?? Haha no sorry, we won't b out til Tuesday I'm sad that they are using Chris and Leon but missed out the girls  and the new guy is Alex? Is he the one with Ashley? *sighs :/ long stories babeRT   me too :-( but I look cute with them so idc :D holy crap?! When?! I'm sorry  Happy belated birthday! :D My beautiful boy  has gone! :-( should have won :-( #lovehimsomuch Pins and needles in my feet Yay 1st day back on cross trainer did half hour and burnt 342 calories bring the fitness on, seriously need new trainers though ouch aww why you not going I LOOOOVE YOU let's try n work together tonight!! Mishhh my babby Ahh kirks gone  whos going next?? X I wanna hit her up so bad nd just work everything out :-( Haven't started watching it yet  But I think it will be... as ever :D Hungry & There is NOTHING to eat RT  R.I.P. megaupload that looks like work not taking time off RT   lol yhu the bully my fingers are swollen  nd yha shyt aint broke... Wandering where my girls  and  are cuz I havent heard from them I miss the old #OneTreeHill he looks like a peedie toy!! Such a beaut, so jel The more and more I say no to the Civic, the more tempted I get. I will :) oh how I miss you im cutting the fuccc out of my hand w. this cracked as screen aw #CBB i want kirk  GET THE TWINS OUT. I feel so bad right now “ RT to be nathans girlfriend (must be following, picking at 11)” please? I never get picked I miss this!  hope everything is going well :) I didn't get it  but lake placid... that's awesome!!! hockey tournament? I'm not feeling Too Fine Tonight I didn't blank you you two will be very disappointed  lol ! haa its been cancelled, heart broken, turns out he was gay  so sad! wats the goss from america? you get ya bang on why's the essay about? :/ I have a 5 page essay about how people lost there sense of wonder an it's in Irish where's your tweeeets? I've missed them today and yesterday thats the thing no phone sis RT  Havent Heard Frm Her Allday RT  Awww   gone..  ...Ik, ( I miss u guys already! it feels like u followed everyone but me on #FollowMeAlexConstancio! That makes me really sad to triste Sureee.  But, as long as you do it tomorrow... :D Going to be missing my bf this weekend  &lt;/3 hope to see him soon enough cant even enjoy my cuppa properly because of my throat - So my bestfriend  left me today I need food my tummy is fighting me Awww my followers are sad.. What's wrrooonnngggg baii.. one hours.. this is 00:00 in germany  oh austin baii &lt;3 (  live at please? ahiIi :'( buenoo its ok My hair is so dull in winter  #blondegirlproblems i'm  going to miss bby kirk he was life I feel your pain! I see some followers are divorcing me over Kobe and Vanessa Y yo acá!  RT  Viene Morrissey - Holy mother of Christ! - sorreeey  ah it's actually a few months old :\ but thanks bud! :D ok ne... no snow on my side of town omg bridesmaids  lols I'm so ill I'm in bed and my sisters partying away. What is my life. Tkmaxx&lt;3&lt;3 love you both xoxox I haven't so I might take you up on that, it's just I don't want to drive there and back on my own this is awkward, i added you ages and ages ago... but you ignored me me and  wants to be stingrays ... But we live in Cali No movies for me tried 3 times and it wont work  thanks though awh  serves ur right tbh just keep in mind I'm not very tech smart...my son set it up so I can tweet from text cuz I have issues with gadgets Being Human supposedly starts Feb 5.  Prepare for creys. pffff yeah which makes my skin crawl  its not weird if you're interesting :) " People that ping you only when they need help (N)"its what u do to me :p Aww I've been here for a while and I'm hungry. unfortunately....i can't   got some other bad/good news too u still love me tho right? Gutted  can you follow me Joe think your fab your a nutter :) RT  this night is gonna suck I'm giving up missing you... Hurts too much RT   I miss you and this place I think that happen to me Gutted  is out of the BB house :-( Ima need VEVO to not be teasing us like this! I got some mad follows  :s All over the world windows 7 .. Can't get the spec right for gameplay .. It's glitchy as fook and real slow .. Have to use steam aw frankie is so sad about kirk #cute #lostpuppy love you toooo yes you will, nice and early  xx frankie's so quiet now kirk's gone  #cbb severly broken octave key, air leak, unidenifiable blockage causing high notes to not come out. Only got one acceptance letter so far though RT  want a cuddle! Lool  RT  This girl i was vybing excused herself to go to the washrooms 3 hours ago, she's coming back right? Right? Fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking BORED Mehhhh, hate eating when I feel sad Come on! You are missing the point here! Open your mind still getting over headcold and not getting any phone calls walking to class saw that tweet:/ Awesome thing about graduating? Not filling out a fafsa this year! Sucky thing about graduating? Paying it all back I have no earphoness Oh wait, Kirk left  there goes #TeamKinky Etta James, your at peace...at last I can't see it can you please shout at the vevo man  I'm going die or something. Owbegint half 12 “ my BABF done cut all her hair off  smh”  next?? Haha no sorry, we won't b out til Tuesday I'm sad that they are using Chris and Leon but missed out the girls  and the new guy is Alex? Is he the one with Ashley? *sighs :/ long stories babeI'll try  it's good una lool, how's bc? YOU NASTY BRUH  LOL I wish I was on the way to Jersey in my canning car with   and Megan right now  #nocanning  ooooh..ouch..i got a bunch of shots today for my job..my arms are soo sore haha nah i have never been yh i prob am goin 2 go 2 one but to meet thierry before he goes will be impossible strangggggeer,
miss your dumb face  hangout with me sometime in the future

 sincerely wizzzzzzzahd I Have Been Ordered to go to bed and get some sleep early night for me fun where's teresa carlin when you need her   HAHAHAH can't believe your out!!  you were my fav! Love ya  lol not really I am bored as heck indeed ;) it is i just got my car washed the other day cursing the weather too  its out in the open i didn't realize how hungry i was until i saw food. Awl mayne I miss my long hair! boo deford  I'll give hayley a gold star for being awesome! * THEY ARE COLD  noones thinking about me! and hahaha, JEALOOOOOOOOOUS Im not sure if they are going through it's been playing up so I've had to leave it for a while  xx the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  116 not to me : ( Omg kirk  wtf, he was well amazing! Wanted nicola to go! hurt my heart Damn... missed the Hustle aww  hows sensy? miss playin guitar with u RT  Not a single directioner followed  or  for me  RT if u did for a followback :) Packing for my shift. I hope my scrubs code for the machine works! *fingers crossed* need to bring rye scrubs just in case it doesn't You can come snuggle with me if you want  #fuckguys #wedontneedthem and the #FF It never misses, I have late on-site tech calls from CA just when I need to get a jump start on snow blowing the driveway  #fb !!! "  kirk"//owwww  boo I liked him, thanks hun x Tonights entertainment is kik'ing  about being bored and lonely Aww this is emosh what happened? RT  Que triste fue eso, de que pense que one direction me retweetio last night..this morning I sent you a good morning one .. LOL..you mean 979!  I short-changed myself, I beat 1670 players! RT  the things I find on tumblr break my heart lol :l that won't help this ear ache,  just gonna sleep and hope it goes by morning cos  it HURTS Appreciate what you've got before it's too late I've had so many traumatic spidey encounters that are just NOT normal  why me Lord. A spider stole my joy :O Rebuke the devil lool aww it hurts to see Mikey Is not following you..WaH  forever unfollowed by da boyz IM SO EXCITED FOR #BELIEVE !! ITS GONNA BE AMAZING!
TE AMO! NOTICE ME OR FOLLOW MEE   3 Dropped a crisp in my drink why has been 151962419428267161 years since we talked  #sadtweet oh no  I hope it turns up Also just realised that, for once, I actually called an upset on #Sportguru...Just the one though, didn't get the other! Supposed to be working with  but she's MIA Had a good time at nandos but not staying at my friends now, I've suddenly gone really cold and i really dont feel right  going home x Sad  but I'll see it anyway. RT  Red Tails is #rotten. 33% @ 54 reviews. “ I pity the fool that falls in love with you and expects u to be true” Lol damn  just bitched me RT  14   #TaxSeason thats the key to being a good stalker, u dont THINK theyre outside ur window! ha! No lie tho i am missing the TM guys :-( Well done kirk u shouldn't have gone  frankie all the way :) #bb #thatawkwardmomentwhen my niece eats fish & then comes to kiss me ..... I feel irritated already unfortunately not 
I might have to find a friend after work Too bad its my bday and ill be sittin way at the top for the Raptors game  I probably won't b able to see much  !! Its ok nobody ever mentions me  *sigh* My image is supposed to be a gif, why isn't it moving? I'm sorry!!! :-( You always seem to call me when I'm busy I'm tears bb :'((( Omgg... seriously INCREDIBLE vid, you showed SO well what a selfish bastard Stefan is Justin only ever came to Scotland once & that was in like late 2009 early 2010, & he's never performed here!  SCOTLAND NEEDS BELIEVE TOUR when are you going to come to spain?  i'm spanish and i realy love you;)10 sorry I had to leave  missed you guys! RT  Believe Tour Is Going To Be Flawless... sure it will except Honduras is not taken in consideration i like dresses but i don't like the cold... PA problems 3 Words: You hurt me. it would be real nice to see Believe Tour WORLDWIDE trending but to bad no one is helping me trend it Ohhh emmmmm geeeee! Was defs not expecting  to be out  #gutted my sister is making me watch my bloody valentine, ah  #gross #disgusting #scared Ive hardly tweeted at all tday   ahh i'll make up for it tomorrow...  Im putting that work in hard I'll be damned if i don't get my six pack back ... i feel fat :-( pinsss and needlesssss!! ..  looool ! .. how is my cap isit fine ? does it miss me .. are you taking care of it .. ? I miss  already Nobody help us Josh has to close Sorry I've not been on in ages, too much coursework  promise I'll tweet more x Missing Reggy Like Shit  He Been Gone All Dayy And I'm Running Out Of Things To Do To Not Be Bored. are photos added one by one ? Fuck shots, I hate needles In such a good mood right now.. #wishihadmyphone tho Half my face is numb Still cold and coffee was not as #hot as I would have liked Please give me another chance So pissed that kirks gone! Last weekend with my roomie! Giani keeps calling me fat you guys Not got my iPod on me, so can't listen to  96 fuckries  Bad times coz I have so much other work to do too lool  and zayn is the sexy one!! :D x :-( MAKING ME MADDD After getting facebook back, I realise how much I used twitter as a replacement. I sowwy twitter... RT  My face getting fat FOLLOW MEEEE ? PLEASE FOLLOW MEEEEEEEE.... i didnt wanna get sentimental so i left qquickly and didnt reply I miss youI thought you were going to say Austin so shut the hello up your an atheist Can't believe kirk went! Shocked at Kirk goin :-( #cbb I Have A Headache come to new roc! It may sound weird .. But sometimes.. I miss my cats lol girl no, I live 3 hrs away  but ima try and make it up In feb! So hopefully don't be daft, I was too. My front tooth has sheared off the bottom, not a good look  x SO sick  Probably not swimming tonight, oh well  Meet starts tomorrow and I'm going on one practice this week. Wish me luck ? :/ I've been trying so hard. Starting to lose hope  please follow me if you see this. it would mean so much! 6 and of course now i woke up with a headache  #feelinglikecrap Hungover Helo sunshine! Goodmorniiiiing get better fast ya, Ali  ({}) it won't let me go on your profile so I don't know when you're online give him a cuddle for me ohh, that sucks Mate,being asian has to be one of lifes challenges...Watching star plus &lt;&lt;&lt; :-(  Is it true??? is #SOPA going to Close Facebook, Hotmail, Twitter, Tumblr, Yahoo, Google (etc) Just to save awarness of sometihng? Me sad Wish someone was here to take care of me... I can't  right after fashion week but why was it shitty rating?! waaaah  dude ur cookie sandwhich looked so good :P I wish it wasn't snowing and the roads were not so bad..I wanna see my boyfriend. follow me  please i admire you! You are My inspiration. You are My Musical Model to Follow! :)8 me too #MentionTo someone that you need right now! My old happy family lmaoo well @ least i no ull b faithfull but the thing is.  will u b at my beck and call. and lol im not that bad wen im angry I love the windows in my office except for right about this time of the day when the sun hits them square on. Now I'm sweating neem me de oi neam  kk Yay for the only time in my life that I kept the initial randomized password? Sorry to hear your were dicked over. wlh ... Fell down 2day .. Can't walk properly  ... No more yanga damn  she need that money I guess smh you havent tweeted me in a while...missin u  btw ur on my tumblr follow friday loling Aw cool, well I'll see you there then! Aha, yeah I was just thinking weve never really talked aw :-( why do girls have to be so bitchy all the time, just be nice and not horrible for no reason yeah I can't come home now I wish I was english! Always looking good on the weekends RT  Someone get me three more followers to get me to 200 please backgrounds on here are so gay, please someone tell me how i can make my own... this is too technical for me Lucky.. they are having  on with a chat soon Tess .. you guys are lucky  thats who I love RT  I have no earphoness I miss my Virgo Just revision... I don't have enough time to remember what l know I knew in some lecture long ago *cries* My brain hurts follow monsters back, you'll make them happy :-( I wanna be on the move at all times but dunkin surely is not the place for it. Here till 10  fml Nap didn't do me justice awww  but I'm in gala so I won't see you's so not mallorca rocks then  lol! new to twitter, so confused!!!!!!!! missed my 10k tweet pool tomorrow or shopping .... hmmm, cant decide Get Well Soon Cath  &lt;3 Mua! :* RT  I feel terrible :& :'( my deepest condolences for your loss very sexy Wait what  unfollowed awww Have been for a run ankles killing me it's hard to run when carrying so much weight : ( I dont think im going anywhere anymore Hate being home alone :-( she so gutted bless her, we were all crying in work today, it so awful she was only 6, 2 yrs older than my Ruby  x LOL! I really hope she'll do something in 2012.. Maybe an interview or things like that you know man i liked him and frankie  yeah most likely is, whats frankie gonna do now. xxxx didn't expect  to get voted out SAVE ME!! idk where i am! Can't believe kirks gone from #CBB I loved him such an amazing guy! My head hurts Sitting at home but I wish I was somewhere else ! Its the weekend and I'm still feeling stressed out Good morning! I had the worst dream I ever had Quinn told to Figgins about the Relationship  and that she's pregnant :/ yes and im going to bed ;) early start again  but this is the last early start for 2 weeks :) Everybody is talking about chipotle , i want some I'm like.. Dying right now.. but i miss my brown soo much RT kartikaoktav:  When you will follow me??  Im always waiting you, and always! ♥ 6  maksih cil  RT  Sabarya :') RT RismaTLR: ada something  RT  Kok gitu ? RT RismaTLR: gk bisa cesil :'( RT Lilman bday may 29th mine is may 31st , I hope my brother is home in time to celebrate our bday . Its not the same without him Met a cute little Italian girl today.when her mom called her back, she said "Isabella!!!" .. It made me sad aw  text me if you wanna talk Snow ruins everything Now im starvin seee you killin it ! your name is even tellin me to  I'm #hurt I can't earn the money he can unfortunately, I work freelance and he works silly hours RT   awww I miss ur face to  we used to have a ball in 13! And I shoulda said may or may!! Lmao :) aloy on my mind & your right at the top.  ughh follow me  please i admire you! You are My inspiration. You are My Musical Model to Follow! :)7 Yes, she was. I'm beginning to have a shopping problem My BED!  RT  #MentionTo someone that you need right now! I meant opposite! I just assumed from context what it meant but forgot to put opposite in Why did the commercial come on RT  i miss  &  i haven't hung out with them since summer. #weird Not a happy bunny!! Still feel like shit. Worst headache ever, at the moment me toothe idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  123 sharon i missed it :-( who else went? #guttedforKirk when are you going to come to spain?  i'm spanish and i realy love you;)y Does anybody know someone who is good at computer??? My computer is having a problem and it is killing me And Gokai Silver is purchased. Next week Gokai Pink and then the team will be complete, and we'll be even closer to the end of Gokaiger. I know right? Can you re-up the download somewhere? since they nuked megaupload  ( RT  ... Omg our bus JUST came 
My sperry's soaked through and my feet are numb FaceTime is only on the iPhone 4 ...I'd be sleeping hahaha but I didnt get a dress or anything! And my aunt and uncle asked me to babysit Nick Hancock is though aww why sweetheart? Sold out of wonder woman Legos.  (@ Target w/ 4 others) ﻻ But you're not streaming Black Mamba had to get 2 new wheels and an alignment. Never drive drunk ppl! Dude faking like a motherfcker!You know you killed those elderly people. : ( Awwwh My hand is genuinley so bruised from shutting it in my car door I miss my dad  he needs to hurry upp& come back already ! &lt;33 lol wasn't my fault i want some  i miss pinkberry  we don't have one here :'''( Sometin has 2 happen 2moro o. What!!!! clare i am proud of you-i did  xox Jus got home from football, had a gd session styl B-) but man like mello deaded ma leg I can't believe how much you've tweeted today but still haven't tweeted me  excited 4 #mixersmonday ! Love you x RT   Yay!! Unfortunately I can't draw RT  ILIKE BEIN SINGLE CAUSE IGET TO CHILLN HANG OUT WITH DIFFERENT PEOPLE.....BUT SOMETIMES IDO WISH IHAD A MAN  I don't understand why y'all are even staying connected with these rude people in the 1st place ppl need to be nice! Yeah  but keep thinking positive,1day she will follow us I have no way to pay though...  wish I wasn't working :-( QT  Mad as hell Pete can you follow me pwease  i won,t stop naggin till you :) X BTW Ball all around the world? "Turkey" is in world but you dont come here   I love you so much. how are you feeling?  You havent been at school  are you okay? sad thing is everytime i call my granddad he starts to cry so i have to pass the phone over to someone else so i dont cry aswell. iFEEL LYK REWASHiN MY HAiR  TiL iGET CURLY aw i'm going to miss him... What the fuck is michael doing in there Possibility that we might move to Jacksonville  Bored.com should have gone out just woke up from that nap rejuvenated but extremely sore 'Bout?   RT  Dear bis kan yhu pls xpire*sincerely I nid my quiet back*" You're so sweet. *mwah* I wish I could say I was. Ouch, my head. I thank God for the parents I have. For never having to work and it was always there (money$$) going to be weird to start working . . :-( boooo! you just missed it! Not coming tonight. Homework RT    you don't hold hands with someone by MISTAKE :L but...oh well, we'll move on  xx Feel dead tight having to tell the kid its bedtime when babysitting I NEED medicine, my fucking head is playing games right now Lmaoo, cool :) Im STILL doing hw. Mymaths  lmao. X All is fair in internet war, soon we'll have to watch tv RT  OMG!! R.I.P. TO THE ULTIMATE ICON MS ETTA JAMES  my heart hurts Hochu burger maaaxxx s  Miss my days in milano I miss my 300 just talked to my nana #homesick as ever now dman! Plan foiled  Have a good time with her :) x aww dude I'm sorry to hear that  I'll talk to you about it later, just lemme know when you're free where are you!? I miss you RT  Last tourism class everrrr  I swear I'm gonna cry I'm not a freak  #ugh #stabbingmyself 💀 I can't feel my hands!  #freezing oei minder aw I'll take you grocery shopping #BecauseOfYou I'm writing this trend I know. Bloody infuriating. Was gonna have some wine but got a belter of a headache so that's been put on hold till tomorrow :-( when are you going to come to spain?  i'm spanish and i realy love you;)t Hey! haha still don't have a clue what im doing  x So many adverts for interns at LFW, waaah  Begging mom to buy me a new phone yess! Just wanna be tanner tho!! RT"  its cancelled bro due to weather expected tonight we will def reschedule tho."=&gt;I was giong too! DONT LET IT Make sense out of nonsense if that makes sense! RT   negative is taking over today. :-( My mother might not wanna buy an ipad for me becuz I have a ipod already Waiting in the airport is quite boring RT  This Is Cuddle Weather....and my cuddler isnt here  #Sad On The Buss Now And.Muh Phone 5% I keep trying to take my boobs out this picture cause I like my dimples in it rlly good :3 ~ *nods* I missed u  *hugs* apppaaaaa TOT follow me  please i admire you! You are My inspiration. You are My Musical Model to Follow! :)13 hate it when you want to text someone to tell them something but they're in spain and their phone is in england/france but he a cheater!! LMFAOOO YO! RT  14   #TaxSeason yes :3 I switch between the two! It's so tiring! :-( hahahahahahahahahahahahaha oi!! oh sames AWW oh i that was a great night, supermodaaal, aw i know, i just found a voice memo which i will play tomorrow Arrghhh such last minute notice. Hope it doesn't rain today he cried twice! Yawning at this time.. Never been so bored the idea that you never know I love you, kills me inside... I love you so much Justin, but you'll never read this  122 what's going on girl? Not liking the sound of those tweets I hate seeing things that I really don't want to.. #Ouch :-( geography?  unluckkkkkkky history all the way!!!!I can only pray we do  .. We're horrible Fuck, I wish that too :'( RT  I wish I was english! apparently I seem sad James 4:2...winkRT" I want!!  RT  Kelewele @ patasi..may3 set" just listened to  over thaa phone, sooo jelll!!! Happy birthday  :) i mees you  hope you have a good day! ... sigh ... I feel down  down but not out lol waiting for camera to come. shit is taking forever  wya? Me three  RT  Me tew " On valentines day, i shall be on strike" any chance of you coming to Scotland for believe tour this year?  it would make alot of people SO happy! #neversaynever x someone come click my back pwease Party was funn...all tired out and so is my ipod battery 
Night night Home from the hospital for a few.......anybody wanna chit chat? Been a messed up day here we go again... me too u,u RT  but my body isnt feeling good today Im such a loser.. that no one even said Happy Birthday to me today Possibility that we might move to Jacksonville hahaha same!! them tickets are gonna be gone so fast  xx i cant download rocket to russia  x RT   - wow girl that truth is hitting home right now Why've you retweeted me twice! But havnt followed me! awt  what you doing tomorrow :)?xxxxxxx imissyou yea, it is the studded ones I want. Where Is she?  yes i do  I don't feel so good  #alwayshappens 16 esse ano hein! Why will no one play with me Whats wrong? RT  nobody ever mentions me  *sigh* I can't believe Kirk's been evicted, I love him!  #cbb. When you will follow me??  Im always waiting you, and always! ♥ 7 #GBAM RT Appreciate what you've got before it's too late RT  Idnt Got Nobody To Cuddle Wit af a rosa riscou pakas My charger upstairs and I'm cold. -_- havee funnnnnnn tonight  RT  I really should have a full meal so I can hang tonight !! Shocked at  leaving...!  The twins can do one. #getthemout i didn't know you were here  wyd tonight tho? had a music class in the morning then hung out w/ a friend a Long waited for hangout  sad I missed u guys Late night tennis sesh with dom and rhymer ,  I hear kirks gone from big brother!!!  no more kankie  bet frankies gutted it doesn't look like he has it :-( really wish I didn't have to work  #textmeifyouloveme💘 In the house alone My head hurts Rip jade Greco  in my prayers I'm human Aw Really ?  Ah Coolio :) xxx BS, he aint, RT  Cause he's taken  RT  Why's that sad? RT  I have theee ... Just took a nap with my four cats! I don't want to go outside and go to work tonight RT  I could do with winning the _lottery_ Trying to go grocery shopping but the weather is crazy I asked my brother to bring me home a blow up doll and now he thinks I'm weird.. I just wanna #snuggle? Lol if you can't beat them join them RT  Ugly  RT  So which one are you? RT Phola: Ugly ... craving for chocolate.... but had to settle for dried apricots...not quite the same thing!! Diets suck!!!!!  xxx just some girls, late post baby baby shower I gotta be up at 7 for a brain fucking scan No  Go talk to him! Woohooo! Niall's the best! Noooo Louuuiiiiiis let me gooooo Yes yea I didn't sleep long I haven`t even packed yet  :))) I need to go to PF Changs like now the #14 founding father isn't good enough for a tag a guess I miss   come back into my life your advice is the best&lt;3 Wow please RT  Please give me another chance  I miss you too! And also you're right jersey shore is changed “  hey wifey (: at work dawg. Its sad for tonight  ughhh.” same here! It's slow sick ?  what's wrong? NOOOOO!!!!!!! All youtube channels will be updated to the new design on March 1st!!! I HATE THE NEW DESIGN!!!!! my channel will be ruined Disappointed that you choose to follow Sue but not your favourite brother. You're now out of my will :-( Super nervous. I wish karol was with me awww clo  maybe next time the :D &lt;3 when are you going to come to spain?  i'm spanish and i realy love you;)o Finna put some $$ on my phone,put it on vibrate nd block my whole contact list (til later) except for the county... .. Bye Kirk, #CBB house aint gonna be the same without him  Gareth to win tho follow me  please i admire you! You are My inspiration. You are My Musical Model to Follow! :)16 I'm going to be sick because I just saw something I wish I didn't I can't believe Etta James died hey phil I downloaded absinthe but when my mac opens it it just said it closed unexpectedly any ideas what it might be ? I love so much, but you never care with your fans! I'm so sad! Can you notice me? Or follow me back?  #7 No cookies. Just a chocolate bar tried to play me today Awww.... thanks tho  RT  Ezinne an american singer. she passed away today after a length battle with Leukemia : ( #RIP He was going places Hi dude  &lt;3 Sorry I have no idea what to tweet you to get a tweet back  #LafferyFanGirlProblem Just one thing: I love you. you deleted a tweet so mine wasn't your 100th anymore, silly bitch 15! i give up i asked you so many times and you didn't give me a yes or no answer  *snif HOW! I HATE THIS GAME, IT'S SO ADDICTIVE  xxxx awman Snow in Chicago... means I am stuck in Houston.  :-(  Alumni weekend should be in the summer. :-) it's not the same without Dale Hunter. What's up? hey Alice.....are you going to be in series 3? I hope so!  xoxoNAOOOOOOO! Le Di Follow Qk El me De El Back '#teamkinky miss each other are u coming to Latin america soon?  We need you! ah bless him! I'm not confident at all if I'm honest! Particularly if King isn't playing :-( I wish you would notice me  I know one day you will... hahaha, I know gutted. One minute it was 3 o'clock then it was bloody 9! Grrr. So annoying. Gonna be knackered tomorrow! oh tweet me lovelyLiam! It means everything to me. You can make me better i'm a little bit ill today aw, why would u bring surprised and I really do miss it so much nooo adam its rotten! It tastes like purfume I hate you okay. people haven't yet gotten their packs and now i'm worried i'm not gonna get mine in time #FF #followFriday #followLouiswash in ut. Louie you haven't followed me...... Sad face :-( i sooooooooooo badly wanna go back a week omg going to give up. This is pathetic, you're never going to notice me. &lt;/3 hope to wake up to a tweet/follow.. I VOTED  love you xx 15 i luv you I m Smfh  its soo cold out // ouch  Setting my alarm for the morning... ugh Oh no  is breaking my heart  sucha sweetie x waaahhh! Why dont you ever notice me!?  it will make my day if u did! Oh and cant wait to see you feb 24 ;) x Miss my boys from the Summer LMFAO. I would, its true. I feel like i should hate him for what he's done but i just love him too much I see ryn ryn still not fuckin wit me I've got an exhausting workout 2morrow morning, it's 2am and I'm not even close to sleeping...  #sleepless  , ummm yeah but no internet !  why very  I got new hollister too when I was in dublin & it doesn't fit over it  yeah I think that's safest maybe? Too right! Liam in one year you never noticed me! PLEASE, FOLLOW ME. i'm sad, don't ignore me   x57 Forgot To Take  His BookBag  Hope He Dont Have Homework Lol. Going on tweet limit if you dont notice me soon  follow me?&lt;3 IM INVISIBLE TO U SEEING AS ITS MY BDAY AND U HAVENT FOLLOWED EVEN THOUGH IVE TWEETED U 200+ TIMES awwh I'd love to talk to you but I have to go to bed now haha yous have got a better chance as we've got about 12 players out...maybe including henry and arteta as well  xxx mines cut boredom  no1 wil let me cut it tho.. Mmm lol we could! #lesbiancuts i know, better be worth it!  x School on a Saturday? Seems fun right? :'( #Killmenow RT  “ " Etta James passed away today at the age of 73  #RIPEttaJames”  sad news.” -she was great it was a lazy day :P I didn't anything  I just slept all day Martez being mean #lrt lmfaoooo I still have every stuffed animal my ex's have given me, I feel fucking terrible throwing any stuffed animal away !  I can't we open just right now Botle of vodka  
But one day I will ! hey Liam, click my follow button please  42 The discontinued list is out. I'm sad to say that Pumpkin Marshmallow and Black Ruby are on it. you won't notice me, right? Ok, i said i won't give up but.. i can't anymore  you won't notice me : Mi want prinklessssssssssssssss if just   tell me: hi chiquibaby love you ..... im died . . really!!   or RT only that PLEASE liam, please, i begg of you, rt me. i shall cry on my bed all night and be a happy unicorn PLEASE Omg sooo gutted that  has left tracy beaker returns  he is just amazing and beautiful :') he better come back  &lt;/3 i just wanna go give him a hug  #cbb damn man I kinda fucked up with my girl today why are you ignoring your spanish fans? we exist too i know. feeling ready to commit atm. arghhhhhh  i think my hair may turn grey &lt;/3 RT  I gave my baby  my gloves because he looked cold after school I give up, never answer me Wish  would hit up the KRC during his #Macadelic tour. Kingston blows.. Only washed up artists looking for a comeback come here FINALLY you're on when I'm on, cause usually I'm asleep when you're on since I'm from Australia  I love you!18 I've been beaten so bad  # I know you'll never respond to me tweets and you not take time to read them all sucks. So bad. Liam  iv tryed everything to get tickets for the show in Dublin on Tuesday but no joy  RT me to make me feel better ?xx Don't cry   I love him! However him falling in garden was possibly the funniest thing ever!:) Sorry but it was &lt;333 Sigh no valentine this year RT  DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: "Monday  Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-" Please Liam don't ignore me  i love you so much! please follow me you're my inspiration! PARAGUAY LOVES 1D!!!! :D35 he doesn't follow fans I'm struggling knowing what to eat When hash tags are too many words put together I find it hard to understand  #tobehonestistilldontunderstandtwitter i have no idea what more i will tweet to you bcz you didnt anwser anything of the last tweets  #HeartBreak  4 RT  Ok so I'm going through faze 2 of this nasty flew virus ish: the feeling of weakness! hope to wake up to a tweet/follow.. I VOTED  love you xx 14 i wanna see that RT  Contraband and Underworld 3D lmaoo me too instead ihave to go places erybody else want to go to smh RT  im jealous of those who are being followed/noticed by   when do I get to ... (cont) I want a puppy it hurts me a lot knowing that you will never gonna follow me or even see this tweet  PLEASE FOLLOW ME. 12 So we're down here w/  72 degree weather in the mid of January...and this is what it's looking like at the crib... I don't knoww , 'll Show u My FIRETRUCKING DESGIN! And u will SEE IT and you will say: " IT'S AWESOME " &gt;:) I hope  ! same here  #precalcsuckswithoutyou heey i fell so bad, i tweet you to feel better  94 aaaaa ta horrível  #POPLineDAYOFF Please can you follow  :) because you never did  ( live on :-( Contestameeeeeee Feel so bad for kirk aw wee shame him crying on cbb's bit on the sidee :-( venice is beautiful, i miss it and i wanna go back :-( dream do come true right? Mine will be come true if u guys just tweet and follow me. Please?  5 boo RT  so im guessin im home tognite smfhhhh the people that  reply to don't realise how lucky they are lol yeah I don't deserve anything Trying to keep my anxiety in check but it's so damn hard... I miss my sister though  , I ain't talk to her in a minute .. Stupid ass STL weather : ( (( RT   i'll try my best okay? im currently grounded. i've been trying all day, for you to follow me  just want 2 let you know, you're amazing & i love you! xxwoke up because of my allergies lol girl meee too I wish I could play tennis with Cate tomorrow I'm not going tomorrow either Oh LORD! After three weeks of healthy eating, my stomach can't handle KFC.... I needs my fried chicken... :-( Lack of sleep is causing my skin to go cray cray  I can feel spots coming.. And drinking just makes me feel really bad and throw up Talking on the phone and I was just about to fall asleep when suddenly CRAMP :O that was at 12 :) still have a cramp in my knee  #pain dreams come true? As one of my dreams come true? do not even know I exist  7♥ Ewwwwww I gotta get ready and go to work :-( sssiiiigggghhh I hate overnights. I'm kinda pissed. I wanted to see  today but my mom wouldn't let me go OMGGGG!!!!!!!! I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  176 Stuck at work. Need a life. you're good at working out, I find it so hard So I'♏ goin to sleep hungry tonight no  insomnia isn't helping. I wish the world was less selfish. Once again someone just dm me and I don't know who  my dm don't work it won't let me see them. Just mention me Viernes sin #Romo no es viernes.. FUCK YOU RT  I want olive garden   Wants to change my twitter name but on the mobile via Dam have to put the laptop back.... talk to you guys whenever I'm sooooooooo jealous that  got a bunny wabbit  #RIP baby Leon bunny I know ! I was smashin these chips then they were gone  I didn't realize what they met until they were gone. Earnest be so mean bro. please follow me backk  longg time im wait for u follow me . if u follow me, im very happy grey!:)) so my ankle looked better.... it's not swollen anymore but it's PURPLE!!! &gt;.&lt; Wanna back to the place where I was borned I really wish u could follow me, I have try for so long but u never notice me  make me happy :) #NSN
24 I like you better with a cut or temp Demetria, one day you will answer me right! I want to believe! : (
2 I new you where going to be live with twist and im gone miss it vus im not at home  RT  Live awe! &yes I knew that but we don't have one here  I want this Badgley Mishka one they have at Dillard's it's so beautiful! RT  Let's dedicate 72 minutes of silence to megaupload 8 I'M POORLY   wish i had one of your bacon sarnies to cheer me up! wish you weren't working sigh  the guy said it will take 1 - 2 weeks cause it's on order I would, if I lived I'n London.. But I don't  x tired but can't sleep  always the way! Commerce is killing me. Stupid weather, can't go to Chicago i can't beleive my baby etta james died :-( WTF kinda caramel do these bitches use D: like its so sweet i feel like throwing up now RT  Seeing fb statuses of people getting into college &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; OMG ! My stomach does not like any type of junk food! Lol so mean  #fruityboyprobz This migraine is really getting the best of me feel like changing my twitter name. But to what My visiting cousin has downloaded something on my pc. Times like this where I need a techie but what will you have? A study 7th period now? Fucking house behind mine is blasting music so loud that I can't fall asleep okay u win.. Now, Friends?  lmao in street speak, its deadma. my acronym for it is "mapa": malay ko, pakialam ko. :-( orrrrre u aint even tell me, im bout to cry ken DONT LEAVEEEEE MEEEHHH lls RT  I really with grades had nothing to do with athletics for college  #sadteeet lol i know Ugh. That wing is stuck in my teeth and me without a tooth pick. :-( Yea hoe u need too lol " .Mee &. #OOMF! Really Fell Offf!!  Smh. ,, Ima Makee Thingss Ritee Again! :)" OMGGGG!!!!!!!! I can not wait for have #Believe in my hands!! RT this please  175 "          !!"       Just smile someone greater is searching for you! #softlipproblems today got filter?  ytd rlly damn waste sia I wish my phone twitter wouldn't take so long to load whether i'm following someone or not #illfollowbackwhenican promise? You're one of the last people in my life that I want to see be upset   Que envidia Gutted Natalie went out, really wanted her to win  #CBB Veee. RT  Okay. i gotta text her ! This isnt happening dreams come true? As one of my dreams come true? do not even know I exist  6♥ && I still don't like this iPhone 4real  hope I start liking it in the next couple days if not its going back ! I still need to search for u in glee!!  haahaa 
Where did u and Josh meet?! Did u do a movie with him?? so ex.  daylight robbery! where you going weds -raises eyebrows- and why can't I come, take me  Bye saallliiieee  or two months! (@ Bistro Lamazou w/ 2 others) as ifff  left the bb house!!!!! well shocked. i loved her!!!!! If all my house mates go home this weekend I'm going to be so gutted! Home alone at home is fine, it isn't at university! dame shoutout pues there's a video of a girl coughing it up and all "cinnamon dust" came out LMFAOOOOO idk if I wanna do it i neeed a spanish tutor please follow me man Happy Birthday to my girl  ! IMYYYYYYGHHHHH omg what idiot put gum in your hair :O i would die if that happened to me Photo: Lord Jesus…why must I be on this diet?! Long trip again kacang bali, joger, bedugul, tanah lot and back to gilimanuk.. Otherwise still miss Lampung Work  but then gym time! #GettinSwole I know  I'm so ashamed of myself hey guys, i wonder if  knows how much i miss her? RT  I'm on, 1D's sleeping. 1D's on, i'm sleeping. I stay up late, 1D didn't tweet. I go to bed early, 1D tweets a lot  #ihearthem2 and please , release your first album , I´m waiting since 2009  3 years waiting on your album , please :) Thanks for answer My chin is swoll & green  Ew. So My H2O Experience Has Now Finished :/ There Goes My Favorite Mermaid Show.. that's cold! Wisdom shmisdom! A sign?! A sign?! I may as well go get fitted for dentures  (Ook, ook...optimistic face! Thx. Lol) hey you told us you would follow 100 beliebers everyday for a week and you haven't followed anyone today  almost nighttime ! It was nice knowing you for the past 5 years, hopefully I'll see you again sometime soon in the future